00:00:07 Colin
He y everyone, happy Monday.
00:00:10 Speaker 2
Happy Monday.
Hi Colin, hi Justin, good morning.
Good morning.
00:00:52 Colin
He y, Devakar.
Good morning.
00:00:55 Divakar
Hey, Clyde.
Did I first really okay?
So many things to join.
Yes, really.
00:01:03 Speaker 2
Thank you, okay.
Good morning, guys.
Good morning.
Okay.
So.
What's happening?
College.
Yeah,
00:01:17 Colin
So I I put together the.
The sheet like you asked for last week, so you can tell me if it's too much, too little.
Um, we can go through that.
00:01:25 Srinivas
Yeah, let's go over the sheet here quick.
00:01:28 Colin
Yeah.
And just a few items today.
I know not much of course that happened between Friday and and Monday.
But at least I got everything kind of organized, like we were talking.
So.
Let me just go through the outline of this so that you know what the sections are, and then I'll cover them.
Current work is first.
These are the current to- do list items.
Next is any things that are open items or access related.
Okay, for today there are some blockers clarifications.
I know this looks like a lot.
It's just there for detail.
And then just a.
00:02:05 Srinivas
We can also add what is accomplished as well.
00:02:07 Colin
Yes, of course.
00:02:09 Divakar
Yeah, I looks like I don't have access to that one.
It I'm getting page not found error.
00:02:14 Srinivas
I'll give it to you, Tuhak.
Maybe you can.
You.
00:02:20 Srinivas
Su ggesting where to access that fund.
00:02:25 Speaker 2
Yes, I think I have access.
You have access?
Okay, yeah.
Okay, I'll try to give you a cutie.
Maybe you missed out.
Okay.
Yeah,
00:02:35 Colin
And I can share just in the meantime too.
I can share the PDF of it as well.
Yeah, Word and.
Yeah,
00:02:41 Divakar
I see that link over here, but I'm not able to have the access over there.
Okay.
00:02:50 Colin
Okay.
Yeah, I'll I'll add in that uh you know what we've accomplished, what we've delivered uh section as well.
Okay, And then I did put the skills that'll really be for today because we got a whole lot built.
So I wanted to just show that what's available and where it is.
Then the last part is the, you know, the big item for this week.
This is kind of a sprint cycle for us in a way, So that's why this one kind of got special treatment in addition to what was asked for.
So.
Let me go back up to the top here.
Um, so current work items.
Uh, We have uh some good clarity on uh what we want to do for the deliverable for this week.
This essentially the the bot for.
Combining the static FAQ wiring plus the CAD MCP integration into one bot, So we can finally go and get some quick resolution from the users in the chat.
So, these are clear for us.
This what we're marching towards for this week.
Ah, for ah delivery by Friday.
00:03:46 Colin
A couple of items that we'll cover later on that are specifically related to this, but overall, this is exactly what we talked about last week.
00:03:54 Srinivas
So one question,
when you arrange that table, make sure that there will be one top level item.
All the sub items will be part of that only.
A single bullet.
Okay, got it.
That way, That way, we know how many, yeah, how many main items we are working versus.
Minor items, right?
Sure.
Sure.
There are some are like interlude here. major minor, so I just put all the minor items, I mean sub items of a given main item into a. into that as a bullet point.
00:04:23 Colin
Okay, yeah, no problem.
I'll do that.
Ironically, I actually had it that way.
I just flattened it out.
I didn't know if it would be too much, so I'll fix that.
No problem.
Okay.
So then, uh, the WebEx spot.
00:04:42 Anand
I just want to start out with the A D S thing.
I think you are on the same item, probably.
00:04:47 Colin
Yes, yes.
00:04:48 Anand
What exactly is needed and what Mahavi should help?
00:04:52 Colin
So.
And that's basically.
So ads I think is upstream of a lot of different things here because ads is upstream of deep site.
It's upstream of being able to deploy on anything more than a temp server, which makes it upstream of this week's deliverable too.
And kind of the two questions that are in our, Twined a little bit.
Let me go down here to the critical path side, is on this number one.
I'll highlight it.
So, Requesting for a permanent ADS on one end is you know who's responsible for that provisioning?
And is it even possible if there are any resource constraints.
Now caveat there is I might be misinterpreting what we said on Friday.
Um, I wasn't sure if what we said on Friday was that.
00:05:37 Colin
You know we're limited and constrained on what ads servers are even available right now in order to provision them.
00:05:43 Divakar
How many ads machines are we looking at to collect?
00:05:45 Colin
Uh, just the one.
Just the one.
We really just need one to get done.
Yeah,
00:05:49 Divakar
I can probably go with uh- huh.
I think we procured about four or five different uh VMs last time.
Can I retire them?
I think I meant you mentioned that they're not as powerful as you want them to be.
00:06:01 Anand
I don't think anybody's using it.
00:06:06 Anand
Okay.
I'll.
00:06:08 Divakar
Retire them and I'll procure a couple of additional machines for the engineers here.
00:06:12 Anand
Yeah, that we can serve.
So multiple engineers can serve in this night.
00:06:16 Divakar
I think we can use the same RDS machine, but uh maybe we can procure two.
That way they can have.
Um, access to both of them if they need to use that.
00:06:24 Anand
Yeah, makes sense.
I think let's go with two now.
And if we can put in more and then they can access and that.
00:06:31 Divakar
We Can leave one machine, the previous machines whatever we have procured, we can leave one machine for them to use it in the meantime.
Eight days procedure will take little time, but other four I am going to retire and I am going to create two.
But while that is going on, they can use one of that machine.
Do you have the details for the other machine right Anand?
00:06:47 Anand
I think I had it.
And yeah,
00:06:49 Divakar
So make sure that they're part of our bundle, CNS JS bundle.
That one I think is already part of as far as you know.
Just can help with that one.
00:07:00 Anand
Okay.
So, Deepak, if you give one today and you retire that, can they move their workspace?
00:07:05 Divakar
I will use.
I will leave one of them, the top for the first one.
Rest of the ones I'll retire and I'll put it in.
But.
The bundle is available for them this entire week.
I'll return it next week.
00:07:17 Anand
Okay, okay, let me look at my email, ladies.
What you're saying?
Okay, cool.
Once you get the ADFS server, what are the things you want to use on that?
I think, To the new one,
00:07:28 Divakar
I think that you are asking the question.
00:07:30 Srinivas
You, are we need that at least sixteen core radius for this team because we have to bring in the radius right?
And then the data.
00:07:37 Divakar
Yeah, I'll procure a 16 core.
The maximum cores I can get is 16.
I know,
00:07:42 Srinivas
I know.
But that is the minimum we need though for this project.
Okay,
00:07:45 Divakar
So that's the minimum, that's the maximum.
Got it.
And the maximum memory I can get you is 32 GB.
I cannot go beyond that.
00:07:52 Srinivas
That's fine.
At that, those at least that piece is those two information is good enough.
00:07:59 Srinivas
Not For this machine.
We need for other, but not right now.
It's local.
00:08:04 Divakar
It's going to local 100 GB and no backup I'll give you.
Yeah, no backup, yeah, right now no no.
Let me note it down.
00:08:14 Anand
The local user ID has Q 1, Q 2.
I think.
Okay, I'll just going to double check.
We're not using it.
00:08:24 Divakar
Yeah, send it to me.
I'm going to verify that one.
And then So,
00:08:27 Srinivas
We are not using Duo Office at all, Anand.
That much I know.
Okay, okay.
So Diwakar can provision one and give it to you immediately today.
Diwakar, can you do it in next few minutes?
That way ADS.
00:08:40 Divakar
I am going to give it.
But the mission which I procured for you, they are available for the immediate users.
Okay, and.
00:08:49 Srinivas
The ideas will be ready.
For them,
00:08:50 Divakar
By today evening mostly other other things are to be taken care of.
So it will take a day or probably we'll see.
It might be early.
I cannot guarantee, but that's why I am leaving one machine for you.
You can visit that machine for next one week.
When the other machines come up, I'll give it to you, but I've got to leave the one machine for you.
That's fine.
Okay.
That should be plenty.
00:09:11 Srinivas
I think it should be okay.
That should good?
Adhvik, just put it in the webex where then team can see it?
00:09:16 Divakar
Yeah, I'm going to do that right now actually, And the ones who wants to send me the details,
00:09:20 Anand
Then I'll put that.
I just sent it to your members'message.
00:09:24 Divakar
On members'message, okay, let me check.
00:09:26 Anand
Not on this one.
We want to use that first thing and see if we are okay with that.
00:09:31 Divakar
Yeah, let me log in and verify that one.
Yeah, but I have one question to call in on the other one.
There was a WebEx Teams space.
Sc raping and trying to categorize the problems we are seeing, right?
I think we asked for the PESL as well.
I think any application which can be utilized for other spaces as well, that was one of the discussions.
So, I don't know if I added that into the item list in in the top list, which you were created.
Do you have that?
00:10:03 Colin
So, I don't think Basil ever made it into this list.
No, I think it was just the categorization for the issues in the N X O S space.
But we can we can add that in.
00:10:13 Srinivas
The category incident should be a Basel should be a separate subcategory, right?
00:10:18 Divakar
No, I'm talking about the products part.
Right, You had a WebEx space scraper, which can go and look at all the messages and categorize them and come back with these are the problems which are still open, these are the problems which are kind of same category.
That category, That application if it is available for us to use it for the Basel, we want to use it.
00:10:40 Srinivas
Do we have a separate Basel WebEx space?
00:10:44 Divakar
We do.
Oh, it's a separate one.
Yeah, we have about three hundred and fifty engineers in there, and we keep discussing about their different things.
It'll be good to go and verify what time back and get the categorization.
And if there are any open issues, Maybe we can create documentation out of it because there are a lot of answers also going in over there.
If the part is there, we want to try it out.
Sure.
And if you can try it out, that's how.
00:11:07 Srinivas
No, no.
What we can do is let them finish this week.
They have that, To be deployed for CI/ CD workflow.
And once that end- to- end is done, we can just replicate for the other services.
00:11:18 Divakar
CI/CD application deployment.
00:11:21 Srinivas
Not the CI/ CD, I'm sorry.
The board deployment for the next CI/ CD workflow can be done this week.
And.
00:11:31 Divakar
What are we trying to achieve with that bot?
00:11:33 Srinivas
So now instead of user sitting and asking a question, someone replying, the bot will reply to the users.
Automatically.
00:11:41 Srinivas
On the CA workflow workspace, they are trying to create infrastructure.
The user is asking a question in the NX CA workflow.
00:11:52 Divakar
We have another one, right?
I think I discussed this with you in Shiva's meeting time.
The PR Apollo, where we have the entire database going in.
I think we have the database available.
I don't know if you wanted to deploy one more.
We recently deployed one, and we are clicking all the details, all the.
00:12:09 Divakar
Even ts coming in from the GitHub and saving it into a MongoDB.
Okay, and we can use that MongoDB to do other activities on top of it.
Where you wanted to include one more.
00:12:21 Srinivas
Okay, but Justin was not telling us.
I didn't know.
So maybe Justin is not aware.
00:12:27 Divakar
Jason, you have the data right for the company.
00:12:31 Justin
This is for the CI work webex.
00:12:34 Divakar
This is for CI.
Oh yeah, I just want to make it clear.
It's only for the CI web.
The, U h, GitHub website, whatever we have it.
So okay,
00:12:41 Srinivas
Yeah.
I'm not uh so I think sorry for having use this.
Rohit since you are missing some meetings there is a confusion okay.
Two things are there.
One is the from the overall C S E D point of view, right?
C S E D contains the build.
The PR, correct, and also the build infrastructure all three pieces.
00:13:01 Divakar
Build infrastructure as well as the sanity tool, right?
Sanity tool.
00:13:03 Srinivas
Yeah, sanity thing.
Yeah, yeah.
All those stuff.
Ex actly.
From the user point of view, Want to create a single landing page for them to know where what happened to my PR.
00:13:16 Srinivas
So, For the we've talked to Anupama, and we got the coordinate and the cat related MCP details.
We have it.
Okay, so that given a PR, We know exactly in the coordinate process or in explore, right, where the issue is what it is.
So that piece we already have it.
00:13:35 Divakar
So, if you wanted to create a MCP, I think that you were there in the Shiva's meeting last meeting also.
I mentioned about the PR Apollo.
Last week on Thursday, not Thursday or Wednesday.
Anyway, but the point is.
We can create a MCP server on top of the data.
We are already procuring it for you to be able to view the data and make some inferences on top of that.
00:13:58 Srinivas
Then let's send that detail.
I mean, maybe Justin can give us the detail for that MCP.
And then we can actually look at what are the tools called Soluble, and based on that we can actually if.
00:14:10 Divakar
There's any gap over there, we can yeah, The first one creating multiple parts over there to keep putting into the into the GitHub site.
00:14:17 Srinivas
That's fine.
Then essentially, I'm assuming the issues that the users are asking in the spaces.
Those are already answered through the tool calls.
Can we assume that?
Do we have enough information?
00:14:34 Divakar
Okay, So what we are trying to do is we are trying to take all the data coming in from GitHub events and throw into a MongoDB and use that data.
To create some kind of a PR insights for the engineers, so if somebody come and say, "Hey, show me all my PRs, ", it will give them a table to say that these are the PRs, and this where it is stuck.
And this where the problem is.
And we are incorporating the builder triaging, right?
We have just enrolled the builder triaging, which is being used for the clang migration.
It's being used for different different projects.
That one we are incorporating into the PR as well.
So the engineers can go click on it and say," Hey, I want my PR to go through this builder or triaging." Bring in that information back to the user and tell them," This is the possible fix for you." Don't.
00:15:25 Srinivas
Go to the fix yet.
I think I think.
00:15:27 Divakar
We are giving a possible fix because that's being applied also for the official build to let them know.
This is where the problem is, and this is what we have.
We have given it for the client team and kernel team as well, which is which email team is already actively using it for all their conversions.
They converted about eight hundred features.
They put it through the tool.
00:15:45 Srinivas
Okay, so okay, I think there is a disconnect.
Okay.
Okay, so I've actually first of all this information is new to me also.
So I don't know that we had it.
But we wanted to know two things.
00:16:01 Divakar
But one, one okay.
Before we go technical, one request is if you can join the meeting.
It is easy for all of us.
I am one.
I think that I mentioned it.
There are times where we are actually losing.
I am not able to join all the meetings, but I do whenever I have a time, definitely will come.
But, we can we can discuss offline if you wanted to come over or i i try to discuss this one in the C was meeting.
You are also there in that meeting, So I am assuming you are getting all the information there because PR Apollo was discussed last week.
We also discussed.
Imran was mentioning about the bidder, triaging and other things, which developed by Justin was also discussed previous week.
So I'm hoping you are up to date on that one, but yeah, we can discuss.
Maybe I need a discussion.
No worries.
No worries.
00:16:42 Srinivas
So here is the thing, right?
I want to make sure that the calling and teams'energy is utilized for the best, okay?
Yes.
And not duplicate the work.
That we are doing versus they are doing.
Number one, I agree.
So.
And at the same time, all these tools has to be coming together, so that From the user point of view, we are actually improving the experience.
Number one, number two.
Through the AI, we are hoping that we will move fast.
That's the essential goal: productivity improvement.
So given that, Now, for the webex spaces, right?
There are two kinds of issues that we are looking.
One is.
00:17:20 Srinivas
Static information meaning there is some issue and there is always a static answer.
There is no dynamic answer.
There will be some issues where you need to look at the real time.
Db, Like your DB or the, let's say CodeNeta DB to say where means my current PR.
Two kinds of information.
So, what we asked Colin is: "Hey, go to the web nx here workspace, dump everything and say what are there any." What kind of issues are there?
Subcategorize it.
And say, is there any static answer for them, not depend on the dynamic.
Correct right?
Dynamic you need to look up at the DB right somewhere.
Either your DB or someone else's DB, that doesn't matter.
But the static issue, there is always a static answer.
That's what we said.
We'll create a FAD and deploy a bot.
So, for the static answer, they eliminate to get an answer.
There is no DB required, nothing.
Now, for the dynamic answer which depends on the DB.
We wanted to go with the explore MCP.
What the.
00:18:19 Srinivas
The device has done, and if you make I have an MCP build, then we can deploy that.
Okay.
00:18:27 Divakar
So.
Now the static information, what we are looking at it is already part of the wiki pages created inside the GitHub, X website.
Okay, articles.
Yeah, take one of the websites.
00:18:39 Srinivas
We'll scrape that and we'll put it as a part of static.
00:18:42 Divakar
I just send you that link as well.
00:18:44 Srinivas
Yeah, can you put in our web space?
00:18:46 Divakar
I will do.
There is a nice wiki.
I think we are using that wiki to ask people to go and look into that one.
But, if there is a bot available to go and scrub that entire thing and then give them answers directly, I think that might be even better.
00:18:58 Srinivas
Yeah, let's take that.
I mean, if you can send the link in the space, then we can take a look.
And while you're working on that, can Jastine or Diwakar, one of you share the The other one, the DB that you have.
Yeah.
00:19:16 Divakar
So you wanted a read- only access to it.
The database to go and find out whether that information is enough?
Or do you want to put more information into it.
Is that what the So.
00:19:23 Srinivas
You want to know what is its capability right now because you have an experiment, right?
So that when we design the end- to- end workflow We have it.
00:19:32 Divakar
And just in you have the data, so if we could give.
Read only access to the engineers.
Do you have any?
Maybe you can create a generic user ID and give it to them.
00:19:44 Justin
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
I'll check on that.
00:19:48 Srinivas
Okay, so Colin, from your point of view, right?
Two kinds of data that we need to solve like the current stock.
One is static data that's.
The FAQ, so we need to look at the OKAS wiki.
Scrape the information from the of our web access and say that we need to do the intersection analysis. that all the questions that the user is asking for the static data Is it part of the wiki?
If not, we can update the wiki maybe.
Okay, itself that way, wiki will act as a single source of truth.
Now from the wiki, We can actually source a bot, which actually Answers the question directly from there to the user.
So that way we will keep on adding the information in that wiki, and the bot will keep on answering as and when it gets updated.
For the static data.
00:20:46 Colin
Okay, but I I think I gotta push back on one thing here, which is that we gotta get things clear.
Cause like I I think at this point, like we've said a lot of things and we just keep on pivoting.
I think that's one.
If if this is a requirement, that's fine.
I I have no problems with that, But I feel like you know, like we're just finding out about it now, and that's okay.
00:21:06 Srinivas
Yeah, I'm actually sorry.
I mean last time when when.
00:21:10 Anupma
Sorry, I just joined.
I think I mentioned it last week.
Because we did lot of documentation on nx side, all the PR workflows, various features and FAQ and startup guide everything.
But the thing is that engineers don't check, right?
They just it's easier to just put a question in the.
Team space.
Right, so that's the thing.
Yeah.
So,
00:21:38 Colin
I mean, what we could do, I mean if.
If we want to do this, cause I I agree.
I think the wiki is the better home for like a sort of source of truth.
It sounds like what you need is kind of a feedback loop between the wiki and the chat.
So if there's some chat that has a fix that is, you know, a static fix that is not surfaced in the wiki.
At least propose to the wiki.
I don't know what format it's in, but if it's GitHub Pages, We could even just, you know propose it as an issue, so it can still have some human review before it gets added to the wiki.
But that's probably a good thing to do early.
00:22:10 Colin
Because that'll give you a nice feedback loop that'll feed forward into this going forward.
So, cause otherwise, yeah.
00:22:17 Srinivas
The existing questions, if you can answer it, then the feedback loop.
You are right.
00:22:21 Colin
Okay.
Yeah, so we'll do that mapping.
Um, I think in parallel we can start to get the GitHub scraping done.
Um, that that'll be pretty easy because GitHub scraping, that's really the the simplest way that we can do it.
That'll be even easier than when we were getting the chats.
Okay.
So that's that's one thing we can.
00:22:40 Srinivas
We need to still make sure that, what are the questions that user have asked in the next wiki.
Those answers are there.
Only static answers are there in that wiki.
00:22:51 Colin
Right, right.
00:22:52 Srinivas
But analysis has to be still, it should Need to be done.
00:22:56 Colin
Right, so things that are strictly deterministic, they aren't dynamic.
They don't depend upon things that someone might have to do custom.
Yeah, we'll have the checks.
Okay.
Okay.
Now that that I know we'll need access to it, I don't want to commit to that for Friday just because we don't have eyes on it yet.
Is that okay?
00:23:15 Speaker 2
Yeah, that's fine.
Yeah,
00:23:16 Srinivas
You guys.
But if you're stuck or anything, just let us know.
That way we can help you along the way.
Okay?
00:23:22 Colin
Yes.
And I think there is one more thing that I wanted to flag for it that we can actually do and probably push to someone.
It just requires someone on.
On the team site, let me show this one stat.
I know that this there's a lot.
Of data here, but one thing that I wanted to share was this.
So for the NXOS chat, so just that chat alone.
Of all the questions for all the three years, there is four hundred and eighty one total resolved answers.
And that classification is made by saying, you know, Someone said, yes, this fixed.
Yes, this resolved or otherwise some demarcation in the chat.
That's done by a language model so This one is reliable.
I reviewed all these myself.
00:24:05 Colin
Uh, ambiguous fixes are ones where it got responded to with like, you know, we'll look into this, but there was never a further response.
Or you know maybe some advice pointing them the right way.
Uh but there's not a tangible resolution there.
So that's what ambiguous meant.
But the bigger thing is unanswered.
Is the, you know, other half of it almost equal portions to resolved.
So things that are unanswered, one way that we could go with is we could.
Try to answer these, and then give them to someone to review, or try to align them with the wiki.
So that way we have a bigger sample size pool, to get from.
Because my worry right now is you might just not have enough unique cases for those static analysis routes.
There's five hundred, I know that's a lot, But you could have double that amount if we got some of the unanswered ones.
You know, tried to not.
00:24:53 Divakar
Is it the legal issues?
Is it the static analysis?
Is it the sanity?
Is it copyright?
What happened?
Yeah, issues are there.
00:25:02 Anupma
Also, I would suggest like do it for last six months, because anything previously right, like lot of things were changing.
So.
Get data for all of it.
00:25:14 Divakar
Yeah, okay.
I agree.
00:25:16 Anupma
Let me right like the Basel team just now.
00:25:19 Colin
Right.
So let let me do this.
What, we'll need to do is we'll need to give you a slice of this that gives you the breakdown by category by.
Um issue type in the response.
And that way we'll be able to see what was and was not responded to.
Srikrishna, I can't remember offhand.
Maybe you know.
Maybe it's this one at the top.
Is this the ones?
Oh, actually we do have that.
So here, so for instance, for it's this chart.
So about fifty percent for things related to workflow, sanity execution failures in build and image are fairly low on the resolution count.
Now this is for all time, So I'll have to slice this down to just the last six months to give you a clearer picture.
But we can.
00:25:59 Colin
We can do that.
That's the beauty of the dashboards.
But that's that's what I was getting at.
So like in order to have a rich enough pool for this to be meaningful, if we were to go and you know try to resolve with AI.
I would try to boost this green up as high as I can with the relevant, you know, let's say last six months of data.
Try to get that as close to one hundred as we can.
Even, if we're retroactively going back and trying to see what would have the answer been, had it been answered.
00:26:30 Srinivas
So Colin, can you send the link to this?
We'll take a look.
Of course.
00:26:35 Colin
Of course.
Yeah, And I have what's nice about this is we also have all of the specific messages built into this.
So if you were to click on one, it'll go and show you.
Exactly where it's from.
So yeah,
00:26:48 Srinivas
Is there a way to know that these unanswered ones?
Is it like a dynamic information or static information?
00:26:57 Colin
Yes, So currently, this is all static as of the day that we did the analysis because this isn't running because we don't have a way to deploy it yet.
If we wanted to deploy this, that's where we would have to get, And I think that also would help for what Bakr had asked about doing this for the Basel chat as well.
Because at the end of the day, all that would change your MCP would remain the same.
All that would change is you'd have a different skill that would be specialized towards basil.
Everybody's okay.
So right now, it's static as of what was this last week.
I think four twenty three.
00:27:31 Srinivas
No, no.
When I say static, right here is a nomenclature.
If the user is not asking for a PR or a job ID.
And he's just looking for, let's say, how do I commit as a simple example, right?
Yes, I see.
How do I commit my code Let's say.
Submit code.
You don't need.
You are not referring any DB.
It is a static information.
That's what I mean static.
When he says, this is my PR ID, it got stuck, help me out.
That essentially means we need to look at one of the current DB and show and look at where the PR is stuck and tell him some kind of a recommendation, right?
That's what is done here.
In my mind, I see so out of this unanswered.
How many are static meaning that information that is like what is consistent?
I mean.
Not consistent.
It is basically well known.
00:28:23 Srinivas
Just that user does not know.
Versus depends on the dynamic information.
Got you can that way we know.
That okay, these things can be now solved through the DB that you're talking.
That CatMCP and as well as what Diwakar just said.
00:28:38 Colin
Okay, I understand.
So we can we can give you that back.
It'll basically be a further breakdown of this chart.
Um, do you still want that six months constraint?
I actually I can just make it a toggle for you.
So like just like we have it on this chart.
00:28:50 Srinivas
Yeah, we just I want we want to just glance it.
So that way we know where the pain points are.
This will tell us where the users are struggling, right?
And if I attack the highest pain point.
That means we would have helped the entire engineering community.
00:29:05 Speaker 7
Do you agree?
00:29:07 Srinivas
That's the idea.
Just I want to find out where the Delphine Pontes.
Okay,
00:29:12 Colin
Yeah, we'll we'll do that.
Uh, look at it.
I'll add that to the skill anyway, to to see for things, that's what we were going to do regardless.
Um.
I I'm sorry.
I misunderstood.
I thought you meant static is in the data set itself is static, now I understand.
Yeah okay.
00:29:29 Speaker 2
So, okay now let's go back to your other work items.
00:29:35 Colin
Okay.
So this one, for the actual deployment of the bot, of course pending ADS.
That one sounds like it's resolved or in progress today.
There's two other things that I'll get to later for the bot.
00:29:50 Colin
The skills are on the repo, so we do have all of those on.
We'll continue there.
There's another question there down below.
Very simple.
These are really rapid fire questions, so don't feel like we have too many.
And then we are good on the build dependency graph for commits and PRs.
We've got something really good cooking here for you, so you'll get a full rich mapping that'll actually be useful for this system.
So beyond just pattern matching, There's some things within Git itself.
There's actually already existing features to do this that are well documented within Git Enterprise.
So, We'll be able to do this in a very complete way that you can fully trust.
It's strictly through Git.
Okay.
00:30:28 Justin
What did he say?
Be done in five minutes?
00:30:37 Colin
So This one is good on the number one for critical path blockers.
Number two is on the language model access path.
I think this one might get resolved once we have ADS and therefore DeepSight.
The question was basically for Friday.
Given that things that we have to do need a language model to work, currently we were using the incorrect Circuit API credential.
Is that okay if we don't have other language model credentials available by Friday?
That's that was the question.
Not that that's permanent, but just as an interim.
00:31:08 Srinivas
So one thing is, as soon as you get the AD server, you need to build the A CACD app and try to, Deploy on your ADS server and see if you can bring it up.
Right, if that is there, then technically.
You should be able to.
Uh, just did you all register your credentials on the website already?
Yes.
Okay.
Then technically it should work.
Okay.
If for whatever reason if you run into hiccups, then you can try with the site to itself.
Yeah.
But I want you to guys get familiar with bringing the app on the.
00:31:44 Srinivas
A D S server using deep side on the C S E D app.
That way, I know that.
You are comfortable basically.
00:31:54 Srinivas
I Asked the other team members who built the infrastructure.
To put some user guide into the CCD repo, so probably they'll try to do it like today, tomorrow or whenever.
Okay, you can follow through.
You'll see there will be some commits happening somewhere.
So I asked them to do.
And I asked them to basically deploy the Jenkins pipeline also for this.
That way.
You don't have to struggle.
How how how it is okay.
00:32:25 Colin
Okay.
Yeah, And then the only remaining thing here was just because I think we were looking at the. env dot example file.
And I'm sure whenever this gets deployed, We were just wondering who the owner for that one would be, because this is where the AI credentials come into play.
00:32:42 Srinivas
No, That is on the deep side.
Will automatically take care.
You don't have to worry.
That is an example he has given.
Okay, okay.
As a how how do you put in?
00:32:49 Colin
Okay, So so that's already handled whenever we have.
00:32:52 Srinivas
It's it's it should be.
00:32:53 Colin
Baked in already okay.
00:32:55 Srinivas
But uh, if you are that's what I am saying,
if once you are stuck, we'll tell you how to I'll move forward.
00:33:00 Colin
Got it.
Understood.
Okay.
So.
00:33:03 Srinivas
One other way is once you get an A E S pick one of the existing app.
And try to, U h, let's say launch it and see if that works.
Then you know that okay it.
Then the other environment is all set.
00:33:22 Colin
Then the last one, which is probably out of our hands, but also I just wanted to flag it to you.
So we did previously try to do the WebEx spot to play, And we tried to do it the same way we would if it was on an ADS machine on the temp ADS.
Uh, what happened was that uh.
I T had flagged it and said that there is an approval process for WebEx spots.
So we went through, we filled out the form.
You have to provide justification, clarification on the purpose and intent and you know functionality.
Um.
It got flagged to us.
I think.
Sorry, correct me if I'm wrong, That was just on last Friday or maybe even today.
That, we finally got a response back from IT about the state of the bot, and that was.
Do you.
00:34:06 Colin
Have The case number?
00:34:07 Srinivas
Or yeah.
So is it will it be deployed as a user ID one of your user ID?
So we need to do it on behalf of you.
00:34:15 Colin
So that's the question.
Yeah, yeah.
Um, We we were flagging it as it's probably best to deploy it as someone else just for continuity sake.
Um, and usually for us we've done it as like a service account.
But depending upon what the preference is here, we would just need to know what deployment ID we should use, and we can provide the case number for it too.
So Anvoma,
00:34:37 Srinivas
Can we create one or just in one of you create a like a generic user ID.
Or the can we create like a like a.
This will be a detailed.
00:34:51 Anupma
We already have generic user.
00:34:53 Srinivas
Or what?
Or the legacy?
00:34:58 Anupma
Like it's here.
Like how to say, we already have one in D R settlers.
We have uh, Yes, doc review, code review.
So we do have three or four days.
00:35:10 Srinivas
To create.
00:35:13 Srinivas
Can We have separate DSCICD?
That way, see the problem is if you overlay the same generic user ID.
Then we don't have audit trail to say something happens.
How do you know which of the three application caused the issue?
Because you are using the same.
00:35:35 Anupma
U h, uh, having too many generic user IDs gets out of hands, right?
Like then also it becomes confusing that which one you are using for what purpose.
00:35:45 Srinivas
No, But we have a specific uh what you call app name and specific purpose that drives the outcome, right.
So I don't want to see if we can overlay is hard.
For example, when the bug sentinel we are using DS Atlas.
I would rather have a separate one, because if that guy is making some mistake, he's running the CI pipeline.
And if that is making some mistake, I want to under fix that piece, not someone else.
And some other because there is if they use the same generic user ID running in different pipelines.
It's very hard to debug anything.
So, how easy to create a generic user?
I don't know.
You and Justin can tell us.
No, it is not.
Easy or hard, or what are the what are we losing if we have to create one?
00:36:36 Anupma
I would say creating is not difficult.
We have done in the past, right?
But getting all the generic user IDs like setup for everything.
Is a like process, right?
We have to make sure.
Yes, and then getting any approvals needed for any groups.
So we did set up the previous ones right consciously for this purpose.
Okay.
00:37:04 Srinivas
So you're basically not sending me the same generic user ID, but since it is based on the application, we should be able to track it.
For example, CACD you are saying.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, that makes sense.
So then we have a DS Atlas.
You can use that itself if you want.
Yeah.
I mean, if you think we can leverage that on purpose.
00:37:22 Anupma
Yeah, because you know that later on we'll have to get the for the codex, right?
The generic user ID there.
Also, we have to fill up a full big form, providing all the providing all these uh.
De tails.
Justification and yeah.
Okay,
00:37:38 Srinivas
So then then in that case, uh okay okay fine, we'll see how it goes.
So Colin, we have one generic user entity called DSR class.
So can you tell what you guys have done?
And maybe me or Anupama will fill it up.
Will help you guys solve this problem.
00:37:57 Colin
Yes, you should.
Yeah, and I think what we can do to make it.
Yeah.
00:38:03 Anupma
Give us a case number and as well as the form that you filled, right?
So we have the details.
00:38:10 Colin
Sure, sure.
And I can give you.
Yeah, I'll give you all that so you can see exactly what we did, and it'll give all the bot specifics.
Um, I think we finally found the policy.
Ah, we'll we'll start documenting this too.
It'll make it easier for us, but I think it'll help you too.
Um, Just to have that ah even as part of the bot that we built like, for instance, one of the skills was Theum, the Webex BotBuilder scope.
So we can put some of these references inside, So the next person that goes to make a bot already knows about all this stuff and can build it.
00:38:39 Speaker 7
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
00:38:40 Srinivas
Okay.
Yeah, Just let us know so that then we will deploy it as a DSA atlas itself as a generic use already.
00:38:47 Colin
Okay.
Yep, sounds good.
00:38:49 Srinivas
And maybe Anupama, can you help on that?
I mean, fill up the form.
00:38:53 Anupma
Yeah, I will see what he shares.
Right when he shares the details.
So for the form, and because I might need your help for the.
The business justification part and the department and all those keys, right?
So we can do it together.
But yeah, kindly share all the details.
00:39:12 Colin
And if you want, I mean, too, we I'll put it this way: we're definitely not a stranger to those forms.
So if you want, uh you know an AI generated business justification, let us know.
We can help you there.
If that's something that saves you some time.
Yeah.
Usually the people that are reviewing are also using AI, so we can kind of.
We know how to do that.
But yeah,
00:39:35 Anupma
But if you see the steps that they already those steps right with your ID.
So that we can repeat the same with the generic user ID and submit.
Yeah.
00:39:46 Colin
Sounds good.
Okay, now two very last questions.
Then I am all good.
I know we're over time, so thank you for for the extra.
Um, one is just on the cat MCP.
There is, Right now, the functionality of CAD MCP is that it does I believe require a CAD ID.
In order to function, But the chat the way that things come in, they typically people are submitting in PR IDs.
So, the mapping between those technically we can get out by listing out related branches that are related to the cat IDs.
That's not always perfect.
00:40:22 Colin
Do you the question really here is, do you want that CAD M C P to be extended with functionality?
Or do you just want us to try to work kind of around it so that we can do that mapping between CAD ID to P R.
00:40:37 Anupma
So cat ID should already have the PR mapping in it.
Okay.
Because have you have you maybe I can quickly.
Here to show you how a cache request looks like and what all data it has.
00:40:53 Colin
Yeah, that'd be great.
00:40:55 Anupma
In a PR.
So.
All the data should be available through the.
MCP as well.
Now that you have access to the NX GitHub, right?
So you should be able to go there.
On any of the PR, look at the checks.
Tab under that, there will be a care request creation check.
And then there is a This the cache request.
Goes to each people.
Okay, and then this how a character class looks like, and it will have.
Okay, so branch.
00:41:51 Anupma
The submitter, bug ID.
00:41:55 Colin
Mhm.
Got it, okay.
00:41:57 Anupma
Shah.
Okay, so all that information is available and then all the checks.
00:42:03 Colin
Mhm.
Okay, there's actually quite a bit.
That's great.
00:42:07 Anupma
Yeah.
Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But basically like.
Single mapping to the PR as well as other information.
That's branch.
And as I said, right?
Like the Shaw.
And the sub- initiator, card initiator.
00:42:26 Colin
No, that's great.
That's great.
Okay, question answered.
Thank you.
That's really nice.
00:42:34 Justin
And, then the GitHub data should also contain that I have.
Like once we'reum yeah I'll try to get you that GitHub or we just created a new data, a MongoDB like recently last week or something.
So, that should also have that data as well.
Okay.
Um, any yeah, whatever the GitHub is posting, we should be collecting that now.
00:42:56 Colin
Okay, awesome.
Awesome because that'll really help us out for mapping between them.
Just so we're sure, we're sure that we're sure.
Let me put it that way for the dynamic requests.
Okay, and this is the very last question for today.
So So on the CICD repo, we've been putting skills on a branch, skill slash WebEx.
This was just predating whenever you gave us that link to the skills repository.
Um, But the question was, do we keep things here while they're still kind of in flight and only move skills to that fresh repo that's meant for skills alone whenever they are completely finished, rather you know, relatively production grade.
Or,
00:43:39 Srinivas
I I yeah.
For now keep it here, and whenever you see okay some skills are ready.
Then it could be deployed by anyone.
Then put it to the SME KB.
00:43:49 Colin
Okay, got it.
Y ep.
Then that is, that is everything for today.
I know an overtime, so thank you.
00:43:55 Srinivas
One one other thing, Justin, when do we have this Basel MCP?
Are we working on it like to build?
00:44:02 Justin
Yes, yeah, we're working on a few of them.
CTS when it will be ready, do you know?
Yeah, I'm not sure about that.
I can uh, I'll get more.
I'll find out today.
Okay.
00:44:15 Speaker 2
Can you let us know how to find?
Alright,
00:44:17 Srinivas
So Colin, can you?
U h, talk to Justin and get the other PR that.
00:44:24 Speaker 2
Diwakar was asking.
They were saying and.
We'll find out what is there actually.
So,
00:44:33 Colin
So in that's that's the different are we saying for the different WebEx chat?
That's for Bezos specific.
No,
00:44:38 Srinivas
No, not a person.
See, the end of the day, Webex you need to understand there are two products we are talking.
Maybe we are interleaving that's why little confusion is there.
One is the Webex interface.
We are helping the user that if there is some issue.
What is the problem, right?
I mean, how they can resolve it through the MCP server behind the scene.
So one thing, what you want to do is, to the Webex bot, can we attach an MCP?
You need to first figure that out.
Okay.
If you cannot.
00:45:14 Srinivas
The only way where those MCPs can be embedded is our CI / CD app on the the one that you are working on, the repo.
Because WebEx board doesn't have LLM access.
It is just a some kind of a query and just reply right, how the query comes in with a LLM and all they don't have the full LLM integration at least.
As far as I understand, maybe you guys can maybe the, I mean minus six months knowledge okay back dated.
So in the recent past, I don't know if AWS has provided some capability, but Either way, The CI CD app will be the full front end app for all the engineers going forward.
They can go, launch it, and then ask a question about the entire.
C A C D related issues on a single pane of glass.
Okay, on this webex board, what we are doing is.
00:46:12 Srinivas
To help mitigate immediately, like if you deploy this week, that team can leverage it immediately.
But in the long term, the CACD app is where they'll consume it.
Right,
00:46:25 Srinivas
So We want to move the folks there eventually, but for now, since they are already used to something, we are deploying using AI to deploy basically the bots.
00:46:35 Colin
Okay, and I think I.
There's one thing, So I had the team kind of look into what the capability for WebEx looked like because there's there's a lot.
And you probably know better than I do.
It's a little bit fragmented for the documentation, so we've been trying to pull from everywhere and kind of get organized ourselves, so we know the capability.
I think and sorry if you can correct me if I'm wrong here.
I think we did find that they do now support.
Um, agentic apps on Webex.
So there is language model integrations now.
Um.
00:47:06 Colin
We we can share those docs, but I understood understood either way.
00:47:09 Srinivas
Okay, yeah, just take a look.
So one one thing for example right let's say.
C A C D app is a way for the force to consume.
Let's say right on the C A C D app, there is a chat bot.
There is a chat right.
That chat gives the access to the LLM to the user credential.
Okay, let me see if I can bring some out to somewhere.
00:47:32 Speaker 2
But as a quick.
Example.
00:47:38 Speaker 2
Okay.
I am trying to bring Anapana.
Okay, here again.
Let me share my screen, okay.
00:48:07 Srinivas
Since you're looking at the board, you can also.
Solve.
00:48:15 Speaker 2
That if there is some solution for on that piece, I'm gonna share it.
Let it initialize.
00:49:02 Justin
Let's say you did.
00:49:04 Speaker 2
Oh, this does not have the chat unless I upload it.
Okay.
It's the wrong application.
One second, I think this should be ready.
Okay, let's find that strike zone.
00:49:18 Srinivas
Here, right when the user registered their Deepset application.
Every app has their own chat.
In your case, CACD will have its own chart.
Okay, So of course in the chat we'll we'll pre cook some of these things.
Uh even for you for the, but like a quick answers that user want, whatever it is right.
But the idea is this, when the user asks a question, we are asking the user to pick whatever the model choice that you have.
Right?
What is offered on the Deepset platform.
So we support Copilot Codex models, okay?
And of course the circuit is also there.
We'll also add cursor and other stuff later on.
Let's ignore that piece.
00:50:02 Srinivas
If I pick a co-pilot codex model, I can ask a question here.
Now I want to, and this will be a single what you call. pane of glass for the CA series.
Let's say if you use a CA series app, there may be some static or dynamic, we'll create some graphs.
Or based on the role of the engineer, like engineer manager, release lead, probably will have different pains here.
But from the user point of view, There'll be a user clickable tab where user can get glance information, or he can also chat dynamically with the data because that will pull in the MCP information and do whatever he wants.
Now this is right now deployed on my AD server.
00:50:47 Srinivas
Because DeepSIEM allows to bring your own compute.
So I attached my host on the deep side, which is my AD server, and I launched this app on my.
On my A D server, right.
No.
And this chart has, we are hope we hope that assume that we hook this chart.
To both static and dynamic data, Meaning the the NXOS SAN - IT MCP, that is there that is there as a part of CACD.
The whatever the PR data that Justin is going to give you, and the CATMCP everything is hooked up behind it.
Okay, assume that.
00:51:28 Srinivas
That means user is able to, through a single chat, this thing he should be able to say, "Hey where is my PR stuck?" Okay.
Can you unstuck through this or whatever?
He can use some actions: get status or whatever thing.
But now assume that, and now when he's chatting, he's using his own LLM access, right?
His own credentials.
What have we picked up?
Of course, there's always a default.
Now I'm on my phone or a web page.
Ideally, when I chat through my WebEx.
On my phone, I should be able to send the same message to my app running on my A D S server.
That essentially means if I run a webex agent on this app also.
Whenever this app is launched, I should be able to send a message from my workspace.
To my own, what you call, uh, ADS server.
Which has access to all alarm everything running.
00:52:27 Srinivas
Right, and what are the response you get from this chat?
You should be able to again stream back to my webex space.
That essentially mean me and my application running on AD.
Server are part of one bot space, like a unique thing.
I'm not saying it is a Requirement of government, but I am saying eventually we will get there.
So while you are studying the web accelerator, because you are saying you are documenting studying right.
I'm just telling you this will be one more requirement where, how can a user.
From the Webex space, chat with his own what you call application. which is running on his own AD server.
00:53:11 Colin
Got okay, okay.
00:53:12 Srinivas
You got that thing right, because this will have access to LLM when I in the WebEx bot.
I mean, in the bot, I don't need access LLM.
But there is a central.
It is like a like a remote.
Ho st right, and you are just chatting with the remote host.
And that guy is doing all the heavy lifting and just getting the response.
So we should have a Ubox agent here running, which is calling the API.
Backend API get the answer and streaming back to the user.
Hope I I'm making sense.
00:53:43 Speaker 2
Yeah, yeah, of course.
And I think maybe one question.
So for that, and I know this is probably far out.
But for something like that, is it.
00:53:52 Colin
Something where you want the let's say that someone does use that to execute a chat.
Let's say that from their phone.
Um.
Should the interfaces almost like let's say you're using, you know, chat G P T on your phone versus on your computer.
They're not necessarily.
00:54:16 Srinivas
I have a bot, CI/ CD bot.
And me included in the same space.
And and right, and that bot is talking to my.
Agent running on my AD server.
00:54:29 Colin
Right, so it's essentially like a proxy connection.
00:54:31 Srinivas
It's a proxy exactly, and they are just chatting with each other and getting a response.
I'm the middleman basically.
Understood, yeah.
00:54:37 Colin
No problem.
No problem.
Now,
00:54:38 Srinivas
It's you got the requirement.
That means essentially, what we are telling is that.
You are able to now debug your PR issues on the go.
Me aning you don't have to sit in front of your laptop.
00:54:52 Speaker 7
Mhm.
Yeah.
00:54:54 Srinivas
Right?
You raise a PR, you go get on the train or a bus, then you monitor your PR on the Webex page on your phone.
And you can take actions, whatever you want to do.
That's the idea.
So we are experimenting this in other apps also.
On how to do it, but since you're also doing, I mean I mean maybe.
You can give us some any insight or anything.
We are trying to behind the scene just as a FYI.
00:55:21 Colin
Yes, yes.
Let let me look into it and and I'll also share.
I I don't think it's there yet for Codex.
I know that it's there for Cloud Code because we do this at Bay One.
But there's something now for cloud code that's essentially called remote control that does exactly this natively.
I'm wondering if that's going to be on the roadmap for Codex.
So this could be even easier in the future.
That does not mean that it circumvents what you're saying at all.
But, that means that at least I don't know if people have ah like the chat G P T apps on their phone for for Cisco.
But there might eventually be a native interface there, just to flag that to you.
But it doesn't exist today.
00:55:59 Srinivas
That's okay.
When all that comes, we'll move to that interface.
But for now.
I want to be able to engineers to use their Cobalt's interface on their mobile.
To chat to their what you call service running on their Redis server.
It's like one to one.
00:56:17 Colin
Yes, and and from my angle, just from a strategic standpoint, it's good because if you do this, you're also enabling business users too.
If people don't agree,
00:56:26 Srinivas
Basically it's on the go.
I want to enable DeepSet on the go.
And we are experimenting since you are also studying.
I am giving the same requirement to you.
So which our two teams are working in parallel.
Whichever teams come first, we'll take it.
The solutions.
00:56:42 Colin
We'll sprint fast then.
00:56:43 Speaker 2
Yeah, that's all.
So okay, I'll let.
Any other thing?
00:56:50 Colin
I think that's everything from our side.
00:56:52 Srinivas
Okay.
Okay, so Justin, please get the details on the Basel MCPPN.
And put it on that.
So, that is also something that we need to chat.
Because if you are asking the user to try to fix it, we should be able to use a base LMCp to build it and say, tell the user.
Yeah, right.
00:57:14 Justin
I'll find out.
00:57:15 Srinivas
Anyone else working in the team or just now you're working?
00:57:18 Justin
Uh, yeah, someone else was working on the base on TP.
Okay,
00:57:21 Srinivas
Fine.
Once you have it,
00:57:22 Speaker 2
Just let us know then.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks, guys.
Then.
00:57:28 Colin
Yeah, thanks.
Have a great rest of the week.
Thank you.
00:57:31 Speaker 2
Thank you, guys, very much.
Thank you, Garrett.
