Hey everyone, good afternoon. So that's no enough wine. iPad? Hey, everyone. Thank you very much. I'll be gone. yes yes yes we can hear you Can you hear me? Yes, we can hear you. Super, super. Just give me one minute before you start Amit. I don't think they can hear us. Yeah, all of us remote can hear you but they can I hear us in the room Okay, okay, I got a text so you guys can hear me so First of all, thank you everyone who's taken out time for this important session Just wanted to call out everyone's contribution, especially the sales team, Anojan team, for working with their respective team members in their accounts and collating the data of all the great work, you know, Bevan has been doing for our strategic clients. And this is such an important activity because this is how we will position ourselves to the outside world. Our work will speak for us. Very important for today's session is that try and capture the business benefit or the business challenge that Bewan solved for the client. And even if we are able to cover only one case study in detail, it's fine. But try and make sure that you are able to relate it to how the similar activity could be potential use case for your accounts and your portfolio. Share the ideas maybe even as a group today in this room so that everyone can take a benefit out of it. And if there is really some good potential of a similar use case, we'll work with you to create a proactive proposal and build pipeline in your accounts. So once again, thank you everyone. Thank you, Amit. Anuj. for taking out time and working with your teams to bring this up. On to you, Amit. Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you, Arith, for setting up this context. And I should have started recording that here. Let me do it now. So you'll all be on mute. So please unmute yourself. OK. Can you guys still hear us? Amit, I can hear you. Yes. OK. All right. Thank you. Thanks, Arith, for setting up this context. Let me bring up what we plan to share today. We just kind of made it a little bit more better in terms of you know what the content looks like. So this is for our customer incentives and the work that we are doing in this case study is primarily around testing and it is both manual as well as calculation testing. So this particular engagement as you know we have been working in this for last about two years now. We recently for another year. And when we have started off with this engagement, it was primarily for testing. Based on what we have done so far, now currently we are engaging on the CMS content management platform as well, which they are using. And as well as we are doing some development activities as well. So we were able to expand into that. Now, when we had started off, so of course, you know that this is a kind of, we are providing health services to health medicine and not any doc type of thing. Now, when we had started off with this engagement, some of these challenges that you see here, right? It was, I mean, of course, it's a startup move and, let me be on that one. There was a lot of, you know, disparate systems that were there. So there was no standardized one tool or processing that they will use for doing their testing. So all of their test cases were all over the place. They were using Excel sheets to maintain the test cases that whenever there were new features or new releases were going on, you know, they will just test out some of those. and leave out many others depending upon how critical and how fast they needed to go for the daily cycles. So there were no set of tools, there were no set of processes which were there as part of the engagement. Now, of course, as part of the mobile app, there were no standard process and there were no standard tools. So any features that were going to the market, either it was not tested very well, Or it was taking a very long time to be released into the market. Because the test cycle was not completing, the longer test cycles were going on. So that was another problem that they encountered. Also, as part of the process was that from time and time, you will keep getting some new requests as they come in. Now this is very important for us, why does it want to test it out? So there was very bad off kind of things that were coming up. And there was a good amount of time that was getting spent in the activity process. So again, as a result, what was happening is now the release cycle was longer. There was no set of processing. And our very adopt man and the work was happening. So when we joined, I mean, as part of our initial things that we did. We said, okay, let us look at some of the processes, can we set up those processes, right? So we've got a few tools, test trail, that is one of the tools that, and now they're also using that one, right? So we brought in some of these tools, and as part of that, we started learning everything in this tool. So all of the old test cases, they were migrated to this tool pool. Any test cycles that were happening, we started capturing all the data, all the, you know, outcomes, all the outputs, inputs, everything, you know, was getting tracked into this testing, right? So, now what happened as part of that, of course, there are a few tracks that you will see, a mobile category and store them. So, these are three different tracks managed by three different names managers, right? Now, as part of that, of course, still there are some tracks that in I mean, more of it's a manual work at this point in time, there's less automation. But the effort is that how we can quickly catch up on automation in those tracks. So it made it much more easier. Once we consolidated the test repository into standardized tools, are you able to do a regression test with automation for the individual tracks that are there? And as we have seen, some of these numbers, right? So we completed about 200 plus tasks which were, you know, which we keep, I mean, which were, like, monotonous, regular, actually that will come up, right? So we completed those tasks, we moved, we might move to about 4,000 plus test cases into this tool. And we proposed, you know, more on the deviations, I agree with, like, were able to automate many of those test streams as well. So for some of those, for example, regression test would automate it for so different already. So now what happens, some of these things that were there, some of the challenges that, for example, lack of standardized groups. Now there is a set process starting from what they call shift left enablement. Our team gets involved right at the start of when the requirements are being captured. So they know what are the new features that are coming up. Since they are involved right from the beginning, they know what to test. When the development is complete, they will know which features which are more critical. So they understand their business process very well. Rather than just going and now doing mechanical step one step two step three, they know why they are doing it, right? So, it made the job very much easier. So, we put the standard processes into it, we put the standard tools into the system, right? And then of course, the cycle which was taking longer time, any new features or any new enhancements that are going to the market. that try to introduce significantly. And then, of course, we were able to bring more structure to this whole madness. Any ad hoc request that we come up will be prioritized. I mean, we call that we will not be able to do everything at the same time. So there is a prioritization process that has been put in place. So as part of that, any request that comes in, it goes to the criteria. If it follows, yes, you're not saying no. Yes, we'll be able to take up any critical things that come up, but then it has to be done. So, there's a clear mechanism that has been set up. So, I mean, those are the top requests also, it's kind of addressed through characterization. So, I mean, what was the outcome for this? We talked about normal icon type, where the features there is it, right? 15% release cycle time reduction. So that's a significant time. When you look at it now in terms of days, when it will be a significant time, you know, they're able to read sentences, you know, maybe sometimes back, and of course, we've made somewhat more progress on that. And also important thing is that we were able to get some of those, you know, when the things are going to production, bug-free deliveries are happening, right? I mean, earlier it used to be kind of a flaky product. So now with all of these regressions, test with automations, and putting the processes in place, a structured approach, it has made even some of those releases that are happening. Part 3 releases, customer is helping and customers are helping. So this is again one such example. And of course, Now, I mean, this is again some of those things that we are doing as part of the, you know, what technologies are being used. So, this is a team, you know, which is, I mean, we are completely managing this thing by ourselves. And so, we have our solution architect, many of you know him, Manish. So, he's been experimenting this from offshore. He's been working very, very closely with the customer. He understands, you know, what needs to be done. So he manages the team, so this is all completely managed by us. Customer has never asked us, you know, who are you putting onto the product, even though it is still running in a fixed capacity mode. They are still giving them the benefits, but they've never come and asked, okay, I mean, why is somebody going in, why is somebody going out, right? So that's the kind of structure that we put in place. Very good example, you know, wherever you are getting about So now this, as I said, this both manually as well as optimization testing, right? Again, technology doesn't matter. Because here we are using maybe Cypress or JavaScript or Playwright or DTOX, all of those things, right? But that doesn't matter. Anyway, you know, you have discussions around, I don't know who is, if she's on the call or country. So we had a discussion when we talked about some of those engagement models that we had, and this is with Walmart. having talked about how we can do managed services for test automation, right? So this was actually captured by the customer and they wanted to know more about what do we do as part of managed services in test automation, right? So this is, let's say, if some customers, they have problems, and this is a very common problem with many of the customers where they are not able to automate everything, where they are way behind in terms of automation. So we can take up maybe a suite of test cases which we can do completely as a managed services and automation of that. So again, I'll take a pause for any questions. So this is, first of all, a great example. And thank you so much for sharing this. I want to understand how is the sales side, what was the pain? you know, figure out that pain and what was the process of pain? We're saying to be, because obviously this was a major transition, right? So how are we able to convince them to pivot into this direction? So that's something that would be really helpful from a sales perspective or all. Can I plug in my question with that? Because it is, that would have been the second part. So you said that customer doesn't question our seat. Before we are putting up the theme, how your manager did, was it part of the pitch? And if you want to do that, or was it because of the relationship that we already have with the customers that are there? Because customers do ask these questions. We are trying to track our business. That's why I just looked at it. Good questions, and I will have a few answers to this question. Now, how do we get this? I mean, with that, there are two approaches. One is of course, now where we have relationships because this started off now with the relationship, right? I mean, I think this is a value gracious relationship from now I have, you know, engagements. So, we started off with that, right? And then rest of all of those people asked me about, this is how we will do it, right? Now, we've moved away, but still, I mean, nobody has come and asked because we were able to deliver what they are looking for. So it may start off maybe as a relationship like when you're talking to them, trying to understand the pain points. And our second answer is that the reason for which we had for Walmart is very, very influential and richer. They brought that link. And we were talking to them about different capabilities and different engagement models that we had. So as part of that, of course, they were exploring what is it that we can do. So there, it came up. OK, we've done similar work. I was giving examples of managed services work that we have done, what kind of activities we are doing. So that's where the test optimization thing came up. And he was like, OK, do you guys do managed services for test automation? That's a guess. So that's where that lead. I mean, of course, it is still a lead. I mean, we are just talking to them about it. But again, the point is that, I mean, that's one relationship. Then secondly, once we have a discussion trying to understand the pain points, their problems, that's the second thing that will come up. One thing is, whenever you are present in any engagement already, right? So be sure when you are talking to them, I mean, these things will come out. But problems are missing. say testing and automation that is across. Be it your any enterprise solutions or try case solutions or your bespoke activities. So I mean everywhere you will have testing and automation. I know there's talking about AI and all those things. I mean yes those will be there. But I mean I mean the examples I'm giving you guys of today. This Walmart, so this is, I mean this is still in the era of AI and those things. So still, you will find those opportunities where you can go and talk to them. When you speak to them, you will be able to identify them in pain points. When you talk to your contractors and our employees, you will be able to figure out what type of problems that is. So I think, I mean, that's how particularly you would approach. And yes, please. I want to just add on to the technical, you were all asking that how did the university in present years speak. Our sales team represented obviously the capabilities of what they can do in terms of skills and all they presented that we will do weekly appearances, we will report back to you every week, we watched the team has done it last week, how many bucks they have reported, how many new bucks they have created. And that became a little yes, we started off with weekly appearances and we started off by weekly appearances, that's what brought in their confidence that they can trust the team and the people that they are a stakeholder. You want to know how are we progressing? How many bus are we finding? How are we solving this? How are we interacting with the dev team and getting to the result? And we started presenting them by the deep experiences. And so after that, we know they never bothered at who you're training and who you're... But then, their job was to really look at that. Yes, yes. So that is very much what I wanted to add. In typical engagement, if it was just in a stop of engagement, what would happen in this situation? We would have placed a couple of people. After that, their CIO left, the person who was in our contact, and the next person will come, they will bring their own people to our three, and then the engagement will go. But what we did from this, it came in as a relationship, but then we showed our capabilities, and now it has become very sticky. They can't just get rid of the entire... We build the whole processes, we have the whole methodology, and we have the whole team. So getting rid of it, it's very difficult for anybody when they hit the work. And if we screw up, then yes, they have an option. But in other words, that's how it happens. So that's what the predictability can give to you in your projects. Once you start moving from just bodies to start having this, okay, we will take over. We'll start providing the update. We will start managing the outcome of projects. That's what is happening. So if I may, sorry, when you went in and you went in to present the capabilities that they had, were they talking about pain points where they're saying go to market speed? There's an issue. How did you end up, you know, just finally coming down to automation or QA automation? I think I think the main challenge was that the time to go to market. And they were in India roadmap, they had medical products in last. And they knew that if they were trying to get everything in house, it was the cycles of creating the, giving up to space. Best was to work with a partner. And in the last two years, they have brought in so many new products out in the market. And I'm glad that we are their partner. But they just put it. Yeah, they are important. So, given that, I'm assuming, you know, once you have that whole QA and the automation done, and, you know, to preserve the stickiness, I'm assuming that we go to the next step, which is like, I don't know, find the whole thing. Not that automation will be done. And because typically for any test or suite automation, they are maybe one or two cycles behind. So, because new features come up and whatever is happening today for those features manually, that will happen tomorrow automatically, right? So, there's a kind of features keep coming, automation will never stop, right? So, it's done there and that's why typically you will have all the optimization cycle time. There will be very few companies who are, I mean, and also as Manish calls it, adding minus one cycle. which is if you are in a cycle today, automation and the best can happen n-1, right? But typically how many doesn't happen? n-1 that's an epitome of success, but typically it will be n-5, n-6, typically that's where you will stand for very much behind it, right? So, come in, that's what I'm saying, it never goes away. In the time your product is developing, new features, new investments are coming up, you will continue to have both. as well as automation, there we go ahead. How big is the team? Is it fully off-shore and how do you reserve? Yeah, so it's completely fully off-shore team and we are successfully running it. It's about 16 members team at off-shore and there are three different tracks and they call your friend and they are divided in those tracks. Can you both take India first? So, there's like just like a couple of hours of work up on the excites. No, I mean it is more than that when we provide when at times. So, there's a flexibility that we have always shown whenever they are on launches start up releases 13 day do spend time you know until their early mornings as well 12 30 a.m. 1 a.m. at times leaves you know that has happened. But yeah we call out we always provide until 11 13 a.m. There is more working from this project. We were able to start in Canada on the developments, which is completely different. And of course, once you build the relationship, then more things will come. This is definitely a good place to be going. Thank you. Yes, from first school. From first school time, they were having hands in Super Bowl this time. Last time, I saw the game when the road was there, right? Yeah. Well, now they know what to do, so they're not as panicked as it was from the last time. So that opportunity came because I think they're Super Bowl, they're making hands. That was the extent of opportunity. This started much earlier than that. But last couple of months they wanted to give an ad, they were not ready for the ad. So they wanted to perform a study, they approached us for that. That shows that it's all a confidence, like immediately we can come and help them. And they are, I think the traffic peak, like... Yeah, how many percent? So that's the time they needed and we were just here for them. They were able to manage the company and of course now they know that it is also the work of them. Is this the project which took us like six months to then overall? Actually longer than that. But in general, it is no longer, you know, any services sticks along the line. This is very much similar to If we do not have any testers deployed in our portfolio, start targeting some of these HDRIs. you know, leaders who understand how the landscape stack up and get them interested in sort of talking to us about it. Okay, anything, any, sir? No, I think you guys covered all the points very well and how to make it replicable. Anuj highlighted it. We should look at our respective portfolios and see where we can share this with our clients. try and ask how they are currently managing their quality engineering process. Maybe even have a discussion, what kind of tools do they use? How do they allocate work internal versus external? How comfortable they are with respect to doing things in a different time zone? So this kind of a case study helps you have a conversation. You may get an opportunity within this, or you might get an opportunity outside of this. But it gives you a good conversation to start. And it's sort of only the thing that we're doing, there are multiple things that you can just use. Yeah, yeah, simple. Rachel, I'm looking at the link that you put on the chat. It's come up nicely on our website. OK, great. Yeah, thanks for bringing that up. I just wanted to share with the team if you want an easy way. to share this with any of your other clients. We do have the case study, this particular one, live on the website. And then, of course, we're working on more. But this is the one that we just talked about today. If you want to share it with anyone, the link is in the chat. And yeah, important. That's maybe just one of the cases that we have many more. It should give you, maybe, as Arit said, some conversations to have with your customers. Because again, From a technical standpoint, there will be huge technology that will be there. And we will be able to find, in all of those technologies, answer may be, no, it may not be. But still, that does not take away the fact that, when you have the capabilities, yes. Because here, lots of things have changed from one to another. But the same thing has been working at the top of your water test rail, the one that we started off. Then they also moved to Zephyr. and which is an entirely new platform for human. But you know the rigor? I mean, it was effort at that point in time, you know, I mean, there are some of them, you know, but of course, you know, so similar, I mean, we started with the science press, more of the data comes up, data goes up, now some other action comes up, and so on and so forth. And so, the idea is that we are doing just a combination. And I think for the last two years as Yogeshi was saying, every other week we had a conversation with them. So you were able to also sense, get up once, you know, what's going on. Are there any problems? Can we address them collectively? When you speak to them, you get those sense as well. And you get that sense as well. So again, being engaged with them, making sure that they are able to get the funds. Not only that, but also this reality was coming up. So we can plan. We knew that they are going to move to detox, for example. We knew that they are going to move to that one. So we already knew it. So we were able to prepare the team also. Whatever now, ratings have to be given, so on those things are divided. So what is next? Like what's the plan? How are you planning to go from this to like a much bigger portfolio within this existing business? We can create parts for them in a dev center. And obviously, we have to see how we can use the newer technology, AI to deliver this better. Because if we don't show it, somebody else. Somebody else. Yeah, I mean, the idea is not to be expanded. The way probably we opened up in Canada from the development side. So we also talked about some U.S. things as well, so then you will see how that pans out. But again, so let's see, I mean, how does it open up other opportunities? Could be in QA, could be in DevOps, could be in SRE, so I think those are things that we have to explore. How has it been set up in India? Do you have like a project manager, lead developers, lead testers, how has it set up? So, and how big has it been? 16, QA. 16th year, and how many project managers? One, multiple. We are not. Currently, Manish, you are go to person. So we are drinking another lead now. So we can leverage Manish in this culture. I mean, he's already doing it, but yeah. Currently, Manish and we are drinking another person. We have one project manager, one subject manager expert, and I have new link to each activity. Anybody online, any other things? We are not able to see you, but let me know if you have any. So, this is the second one. And this one is from our bases, which Pratik is managing the relationship. And so here, the problem was, they had their loyalty to gravity. And as part of that, this was one of those systems which was very, very old. I mean, not very well old, but relatively old, newer technologies had come in. And the users were not having a good experience. So they were seeing maybe, They were looking for more intuitive user experience and more intuitive UI. And then, of course, the code base was so huge, it was difficult to maintain. So there were a lot of code which was not getting used as well. And with the period of time, it had grown, and there were some of the office. I mean, people didn't even know that. if that code is being used and why is it there? So, that's why they decided to look at, can we modernize this work? And that's how this thing started. And this was completely relatable. I mean, in terms of just giving you some ideas, it had content development, and as I talked about, end-run migration from the legacy code base to the newer one. We were also involved in doing some feature planning and then bug characterization and feature characterization. Code optimization, as I said, the whole code was in factored and looking at what is being used, what should be used. The entire thing was completely revamped. We participated in, of course, the internal testing and, you know, automation cycle as well. And, I mean, again, the technology is Vue. Again, it was React and Angular. It moved to Vue.js and SCSS, which is a next version of cascading style sheet. And PrimeVue, which is more about having Vue libraries, right? So those were the technologies that were being used. And then, of course, performance optimization. I mean, the blind view that we had. So that was rendering your UI components. So, again, the problem was, you know, video editing experience. So, of course, the performance was an issue. And, of course, the dark spots are, you know, the code which is not being used, so difficult to maintain. So again, the team, this was also the team back in India. And there were some top of people here in the US as well. So the entire code was rewritten for modularity as well as optimization. And when you're writing again, you've gotten more microservices-based architecture. you know, based everything around the newer way of doing things, like that whole big monolithic piece that was local into small services based microservices based architecture. And as I said, some of those technologies that were being used, it moved to the newer one because of, you know, the support that is available and the libraries that are available, you have moved to the newer And some of those, of course, as part of the new development, we were able to roll out some new features as well, which were maybe asked by the users. We were not able to go into the earlier one. So we were able to identify some new features. And those were also added as part of the new architecture. These are some of the benefits that the customer may seek out of that. So just imagine, you know, hundreds of components which had, I mean, on an average 6,000 lines of code. Like, just imagine if you have 100 components, how big that would be. So that was reduced significantly from 6,000 to 4,000 to 4,500 lines of code for each component. And then, of course, some of those components which were those DART spots that I'm saying. So those were also taken out. So number of components also reduced, but still giving them a much better experience. Now, of course, the entire thing that used to have a smaller code base performance was much better. Again, newer technologies performance was, that also helped in the performance improvements. And then, of course, the maintenance ability part, once for that. going huge monolithic structure to making it more micro services architecture it was much easier to maintain. And then of course performance and business impact was the end users for business they look for new features or their customer base now who are looking for improved experience. So that also did come out of that. And again, as I said, we talked about these challenges, legacy code based, huge complexity. And then of course, we didn't even know where those codes are being used, not being used. So it was resulting into more breaking the functionality, something is working, something is not working. And then of course, we were able to write some of these strategies to this newer way of doing it. And again, this is So, yeah, this is moving on to LUX, you know, for this. Again, the idea is another set of examples, wherein different from, typically we mostly talk about QA and automation and manual testing, automation testing, right? There are different from that, end-to-end development is, you know, what we did. So, many of your customers, I'm sure, these things are very much there, end-to-end development, right? So, this included, the front-end development, back-end development of the first head part, right? And then of course, the testing manual as well as some automation that will look at that point in time. So again, technology doesn't matter. It was that type of work that we had done. I mean, this is part of, from here anywhere to you, it could be there is something that's, right? Yeah. What is a loyalty attention to? I mean, I know what a loyalty to is, but it's loyalty attention. But that entire end-to-end cycle of getting to be signed up for the IT project. Right. And then, so I can understand, you know, you have to understand how the coding for the, like, grid funding, et cetera. How about the data? We probably have three dollars invested in that, and then we'll be paid in all the time. Yes. Is that touching that? Yes. So, I mean, this was an entire N2X. So, of course, the data validation was also part of it. I mean, that's a good point. I have not caught it out yet. But I can tell you that, you know, I've taken out one legacy data also, right? Now, of course, as part of the data duplication, there's a redundancy that will be there, right? So of course, that was also addressed as part of this migration. Because that will be very useful, right? Because everybody's talking on the AI dynamic. Correct. But you can't really have AI and your data as two. So if that's something that we have done, then that's something that we can... Yes. I think everybody will call that out by... Yes. And while he's covering the use of deep study, there will be a case very specific to be dynamic. Did you talk about any demeriting or anything? So then, you know, like maybe calling that out and then just saying it's like SDLC, right? You're coming from, and then one more question I had, when you get something like this, like you are now going in and hearing code, right? A lot of times, you don't know exactly what the scope of the project is going to be. So how are you coming up with a code? How are you saying, you know, we think we need the first two months? Because you will need some time to go in and learn the systems, right? And then you will start getting, being able to actually... do the actual work after a certain amount of time. How are you going in and figuring that out? How are you going in and giving them that initial code in some way? So again, it depends. For example, it may be easier if there's a very much defined scope that you have. Which is, for example, in the last case, we were talking about the number of test cases that you have for automation. So that becomes a very good candidate for managed services or an outcome-based scope of work. Or maybe production support. Which is, again, you know, these are the cases, number of volume that you have. Based on that, you can define what the code will be. Now, for these kind of work, it becomes really tricky. And I think that's where the Rahul every time he says that, If you look at our engagement models that we have, so we move from 3 and 11 to fixed capacity to minus 1. So, we land there, we understand the lay of the land, what type of systems are there, what type of upstream, downstream interfaces. So, you get to understand that picture before you are able to say that we will be able to do a complete management system. So, typically, I saw we are doing it with many of our customers. Now, when we are already present, it becomes much more easier to provide that code. Or, you know, it's a very much defined work, which typically I'm not seeing. I mean, they will not call it counts. No, yes, no other services work. But, I mean, I've seen in the likes of Cisco, Google, there's HP, Walmart, certainly there, right? It's just a, you know, okay. It's difficult when it comes to an RFP process. That's the time. Typically, it is a little bit defined because somebody has gone through that exercise. They've gone through and looked at the workload or the past work would happen. They will come up with like, hey, we can create little fragmented stories. Our difficult stories are like this much time it takes. So they will tell you everything. And that's all. Then you go with their assumptions. Like, OK, you are telling us this. We are agreeing for it. We'll see. when we work and maybe if there is a risk, if you're not aligned, then we'll talk about it. It isn't easy. But most of the projects, managers don't want to put any time in there. They don't want to size it. And they want to see how much low you can put. So that's it. So the best approaches will come. We'll start a while you engage. We'll do a discovery phase for three weeks to six weeks time. And by the end of that discovery, we'll know. whether we are in a position to give you an estimate, find a way, or we engage in nothing and have patience. And typically they can tell you, hey, you are doing this new work, then it's completely new work, right? But if they have already done the work with somebody and this is kind of regular type of work which they keep new features coming, they will have a good idea. So, yes, similarly, actually we set up this managed services model for one of our customers. And that is based on the story points that we have to deliver. So we signed up for that, we are consistently doing that for the last one year. And that also didn't come up because we were present in that space. We knew what type of work is there. We knew what type of activities are there. So based on that we were able to just comment, we'll be able to do that. Yes, if you have an RFP, of course, that scope is defined. It's much easier, but again. But others, you have to work. And companies like that model also, you come and just work with us for some time. Because most of the work is very intuitive now, especially this AI related or these microservices type of development. And they are just still understanding. And once you go through the entire process for one or two cycles, two, three sprints, then you get the idea what is going to be the work. And typically from our standpoint, we have the size of the company we are. If it's already got to RFP stage, we're already on the back. So we want to try and get in front of them before. So that's what we do. And then if there is a very well-defined scope, typically the company of our size, that work doesn't come. There are going to be four or five strategic door suppliers, option will be sitting, and that work will go to them. So for us, there are that gray area where people are confused, they don't know about it. They can't really come up with a clear score because the product isn't started. That's the best work for us to get engaged. And the way it will do it, it will come into our discovery and then after that we can give you, or we can get you a resource that will charge you on a time and material basis. And our goal is that after one or two quarters, we'll give you a fixed capacity or managed service support. For this example, would you say like migration approach was the most painful for them that we were able to solve or were they open to solving other like confluence documentation? Most companies have that, right? And so did they let us do all of it or the migration was the main part that they could use our most help on I know we'll add more things or from the scope will propose more or things they might have that they need help off. Do you think migration was the most painful that we saw? It started off with that, of course, but you know, once you do it, it never ends, right? You've done the migration, you've done it more than the maintenance side, right? So that automatically that will, you know, will come to you. Because when you've done the development, there's nobody else better than you who will be able to support it, right? And I'm not saying that because you've done a bad job, you know, that's only really able to support it, but it's just a natural thing because you've learned it all. It's much easier for us to support. So, and then of course, once you're part of the maintenance, there's still new features, new capability, new enhancements. I mean, that's an ongoing process, right? So I think it's just to be there, land there, and you know, if you're able to do good work. I feel like it's like doing work on your home. You hire a contractor to take care of one bathroom, and by the end of it, you have changed all the windows and the house, you know? And if you want to talk to the staff, what is your sales cycle? What was the understanding of your bucket? So the idea was pretty similar. I think that everyone thought, right? So it's a very gradual process. But at the same time, whatever is good for me is the persistence part of it. They just keep going back. They are the same. So some of those, they take a lot of time to getting to the point where they are ready to try it out. Also what I saw in my experience, and again, it's unique in each organization and each circumstance. The idea is the individual who is the decision maker has to be convinced that who you are and what you're bringing to the table. It doesn't have quite really the worth of it. And then also what I saw in a couple of occasions, like for example, just the one we were referring to, where we based on December, I went and I sat with the procurement and sourcing, I had a friendly chat, I was in there last week, and they said, so the pricing was great, so ours was like second return, I guess then, and then you'll be servicing. So in some of those, what I saw was pricing is very good. With these engagements, it's not only about the confidence. If they are very confident that they will be able to deliver very good high quality work and all of that, but the pricing is not matching, it's not moving. They are depending on the customer. Some customers have seen who have a lot of, like they want quality at any cost. So cost is secondary. So identifying what they are asking, if it's pricing or if it's quality, that would be, again, sometimes difficult to find out, reading, building the lines kind of thing, but idea has been improved. And I think all this is the best world land ever existed. But there is a better trust already there. And there is a source or two with the already life. You can create a solution around those resources. And that is the upside effect. And grow it. But I think what I am experiencing now is the initial Even if they ask to do it, they are always there. For example, the Hintzenon is a good example. Once you see that we have delivered, so that delivery is very popular. Because they will give you privacy out and if you don't deliver or whatever, not only us, even other players, Accentures, Deloitte, we just get rid of them right there. So they are like the 6-1 strike. So the delivery aspect itself is the group is in the pudding. You can only sell the pudding in the case until they eat it and put it in the sour instance. And again, like you mentioned, Price point is the big factor that many of us need. For some, each banner, each fee has to be. Please go Google, Stanford have to say that, you know, these bigger companies, you know, they're getting slammed together. Yes. Open stores. Open top and shorty. But the fundamentals are the same. Continue to talk to the customer and see what they like, what they dislike in terms of their own quality, pricing, they want confidence. We just find out every time we meet them, they give us the clues for that. So did we have a distinct business that this particular item or this one came from? Similar, we had some relationships and we just built up. Then it is still working. We are just finishing it up. How big is the group? This is the smaller group. Some could be like 7, 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, some could be like 8, So product owners, the master, Duke Louise, and people. Okay, anybody online? Ajit, anyone else? Rima, again, typically these large enterprises, so not Rima, specifically for everybody, large enterprises will typically have these problems because of all their products and legacy products. They have a lot of core business that are very core that we worked on and stuff, right? you know, just like your own upgrade, right? They always constantly need to actually practice. So some of these are really good opportunities to talk about it. Is there any migration activity for migration to a newer thing, legacy code base? I mean, we have pretty much... I will personalize that Adobe is a big piece of that. And that's just like any trend, any pattern that's wanting. A lot of the IT technology has some trends that are happening. The recent one that I've seen is the Raman model context protocol with the engine. So, everyone was talking about Genre was a big part of it because they were using Google Cloud as part of the solution. For any of our retailer customers, right, for our teams. I think Google is one of the biggest solutions. So they are either in Azure or Google, and they are a lot more entity, and how they're utilizing Gemini to have them custom to the channel.
for similar use cases that we have done. So we are actually presenting one of the guys on the same. What we have done, either data center optimization, EIA, to the passion, per se, right now, and moving on in that case, all EIA, but these cases. Yeah. OK. I think we have to talk about the order. Anyone else online, Ajit, or anybody else? All good. Just again. you know think over in your portfolios whether it is a b2b client you have or b2c loyalty management typically people see it is only for b2c but even in b2b scenarios where you are selling through travel partners distributed globally you run things you you know manage create policies and then you operate on those policies right so think through in your portfolio where we can go and have a chat about it Anu, Jaume, myself, all of us are here to help you create that proactive proposal. Um, if I wanted to work through, you know, brainstorm, you know, do or did, um, and just kind of talk about knowing there's going to be a lot of different methods that we've gone through, in a way that we can start to be talking about these scenarios in the face of encrusting stuff that we didn't actually, I was looking with, um, that would be for you as well. Hey Amit, do we have UI and API automation success story? That's what the audience is going through right now. It's more of verifying the data, sales data. into application and going into API automation testing and UI automation testing. I'm working on kind of identifying some opportunities in the merchandising booth there based on that case study and what we know about it. But that's where I'm hearing we can happen hopefully to propose some solutions. We can do that. We can talk about it. So the documentation and the confluence, that example, they're not going to get interested compared to that, but they'll be interested more of that. What you going to do for API testing, UI automation testing for us? There we go. How are you, Gesh? Hey, Paul. How's it going? Oh, it's going well. It's going very well. How are you? It was a good meeting. I wanted you to be part of that meeting so that you can hear it. Yes, absolutely. I'm glad I got to because I didn't want to interrupt everyone or do what I feel like always happens and sidetrack everyone with AI stuff. But even with what Manisha's project was, yeah, definitely glad to hear about it and interested. See what they can do. Yes, our goal would be how do we blend AI into some of these case studies? And the main goal is that in the next couple of quarters, we should be showcasing AI solutions case studies to our internal audience at least. Yes, absolutely. I would honestly, I'd love to connect with Manish, if I can, and even just see what they're currently doing. Because I think part of it is... I can always suggest to him, you know, here's the way that we could do this, here's some internal projects that we could do. I can also say if you want to know, because a lot of these things, like as an easy example, playwright, there's already things that they could do themselves, that they need very little guidance from me, they just need kind of a light in the right direction. I'm sure they'd be very natural for them. Yes, yes. As you know, technologists are generally they keep the technology and their solutions close to their heart? Yes. Right? Yes. It takes a while to open them up, be open to ideas, you're not trying to take that business away from you, but this is a new way to do it. Yes. Yes, absolutely. And hopefully, you know, they can see that it's complimentary. The truth of it is that they'll know how to use it better than anyone, even better than me. They've been living it. Good. How's everything else going? Things are things are good. I think there's I got a lot of things Simultaneously done and undone with Palatii and this past couple of days. I spent some time I just basically said to her Vinayak as well as Muhammad Arith. I just want to spend some time with each of you and understand what you're doing right now with each of the tools because we already have our interviews of course, but What I started to figure out with them is that there was this problem, even just the way the taxonomy of the thing. Because people were talking about different features kind of interchangeably, and I think everyone's using the same words, but relating them back to different things. In all, I had Vinayak and Mohammed spend half an hour with me, just to walk me through their exact workflow, say, here's given a JD, search for it. show me exactly how you would source for this position. Interestingly enough, they immediately have a divergence on those two. Vinayak is pure 100% job diva. Very, very detailed bull search. And then Mohammed Arif, on the other hand, is all LinkedIn recruiter. So he knows about job diva, he's capable of it, but the interface with LinkedIn recruiter is that much better. that he's like, why do I even go to job diva? And what's interesting is that they do have some crossover. But I think what I got from especially meeting with Mahabirif was LinkedIn recruiters functions and capability. Very, very, very different than job diva, but also kind of similar. And at the end of the day, both have things that the other can't do. So what I had originally done for him, or for both of them, was put together a new search interface that was basically in line with that feedback that we'd gotten from them. First of all, keeping Bull Search, making that kind of a first-class citizen in the search. But also saying, you know, there is a little bit of a gap between JobDiva and LinkedIn Recruiter. They're very, very different ways of searching. So what works best? What do you like the best out of both tools? What can we pull from? So I have a good answer on that. I have a plan to go forward with this one. I know we'll talk about it tomorrow, but I can share more here as well. I wrote up a new interface for the search as well. So I think we'll be able to... do what we need to to support them. And we'll be able to give them something better than both LinkedIn Recruiter, of course better than JobDiva, but even JobDiva has some beauty in its simplicity, even though it's not the best for recruiters to use. It at least is simple enough that people like it. One consistent request that I got was being able to use just normal manually typed in Boolean search strings. People really like that for the share control. So I get that, we'll be able to support it. The other part that we figured out, and I know this will come up tomorrow, this will be the big topic, is on job parser in the app. So we did meet Siva, Amber, and myself today. I think that conversation went, I'd say, mostly well. I think there's still a couple of just ideological things, but what are you going to do about it? But at least we did say that the... We want to have the separation between what's on job parser and what actually gets searched because the searches, as we saw from the emails back, they're way simpler than what we were trying to do. We were trying to be too overly specific. We weren't, we were doing good searches in terms of the technical approach, but it wasn't aligned with what recruiters are actually doing when they source candidates for our role. So their full searches are much smaller. more succinct. Most of it is around synonyms for things that we can use. That's easy. But the other part of it was the job parser. What it was feeding into the search page was not really effective for search. It wasn't matching. It was too specific. And it was kind of cherry picking at random things from the job description, instead of being something that you could logically think through. So but then Eventually, that means we'll have to improve on the way we are passing the job. But if we have to automate, you don't want men with intervention, you don't want people to come in and write up the answer, right? Eventually, we'll have to treat the job faster and get up and do that sort of thing. So I think the problem with the job parser, it's the same thing with the resume parser. It was trying to be too many things at once. I think what it does really well right now is decomposing the JD for the sake of understanding the JD. I think that happens nicely. But I also think that it wasn't ever actually tested in a meaningful way. I think we kind of just looked at it and said that it was okay. I think for going forward with the features, I am going to kind of firmly take back the AI-related features because this kind of keeps on happening. with anything that my team's not building, where it looks working, and it starts to work, and it's a couple anecdotal things that works, but then in practice, it doesn't hold water. It hasn't been tested. So I think I definitely need to take that responsibility back for all future things. But for this one, yes, the job parser needs to be better. But the purpose of the job parser, it was trying to be understanding the JD. It does that very well. But actually preparing those full search strings, that's what it's failing on, because it's trying to do too much. Yeah. OK. But between the discussions you had with Ambar, what was the possible? What was the proposed solution? Where do we go from here? Yes. So the proposed solution would be this. So two separate things, the candidate search interface and functionality, that's one box. The second box, which is what I'll start with, is the separation between job parser and the candidate search. So job parser will become just for understanding the JD, getting things on paper, getting them organized for a recruiter. Job parser has other things that need to change. This is, again, where there's ideological things. I won't step on toes, but basically right now everything is very, very manual. So if the job description changes or if new requirements come in, it is still on the burden of the recruiter at this point to go and make those adjustments manually. I don't agree with that one, but I know it'll come up tomorrow. But immersing, you know, let's cross that bridge when we get to it. Whenever people start complaining, that's a lot to maintain. we can worry about it then. So ideological thing aside, job parser will remain just for getting things extracted out from the JD. What will happen after that is there will be a second language model call that will look at that context that's been built by the job parser and use that to create targeted bull search strings. So that is the clean handoff between the two. It takes away the direct dependency. Because for instance right now it was giving you know all these 20 to 50 skills But those skills weren't skills that we would normally use when searching for the furrow They were very basic or there were things that you would normally not have as part of it or they would be Duplicate almost like sequel and also having postgres. You don't need both you need databases but it was being too rigid on the How it was parsing the GD to get that information out so We'll use that. So rather than language model, second language model kicking in and making the call on the job fast reserves, is the second model able to pull out the critical skills required just from the job itself? That's the thing that I'm saying without actually saying it. If the prompting was done differently, this would have been no issue. I think the problem is that my team doesn't own both parts right now. So I'm going to just make it work. I think with the job parser, it's, Amber has been doing the prompt engineering for it. His team's been building it. He's very, got that very close to his heart. What I can do is I can say that I'll use the context, but in reality, there's no reason for me to not just use the original JD. Practically speaking, there's no difference there. So. I think it's good to have that level of granularity and detail for someone who wants to learn about the JD. But it's too long. It's too much information. I don't think it will change unless it changes hands on that part. But that's why I'm trying to get this as a middle ground so that I can just use that directly and build the bull search string directly off of that. Let me see for the interface itself. I can pull that up. Of course, this is just meant to be... Let me pull this up quickly. This is just meant to be a mock-up. This is not the final design by any means. And this is something that I'm going to be working on with recruiters. So I'm not going to even bother proposing this until everyone is ready. Basically, you get this. This becomes the Bull Search Builder screen. All visual things aside and specific items aside, basically what you have is you can build your Bull Search. A nice interface, something that's here. Let me show you the more complicated version. This you can put on additional sections. So if you want to build a larger search, you want to go beyond keywords, you want to go into experience, location. Location doesn't make sense here, of course. Title, education, anything you want. This is a more dynamic interface that you can go and build these queries on. So it gives them the full search capability that they have in Job Diva. In LinkedIn Recruiter, they don't have actually as nice of an interface as they do in Job Diva. You kind of have to already know how to type a full search syntax into a plain text field. There's no helper. Can you talk about LinkedIn, right? Yes, yes. Yeah, LinkedIn, I understand that. LinkedIn is showing more... You write your own search trends, yeah. Right, right. This gives a much more readable way for people. And they can go even down here, they can see... Here's their effective full search string as a query. They can view it and how I would view it as a programmer or they can view it like they're used to already. There will be another option here where they can just view it as plain text in case they like that more. They can edit this directly. They can change anything so they can just type in whatever they'd want and it'll do a validation on that too. So you can't make a broken search string. So yeah, so this is it. Also built into this screen will be this AI assist. So with this AI Assist feature, it's meant to be kind of a partner. This is very similar to what LinkedIn has already. This is meant to be a partner so that AI can go and help you refine the search, tweak the search, tune it, and see results. A couple of other things that have happened here is that the actual results showing, that's one of the strongest parts of LinkedIn Recruiter. Because it's able to show you the result count while you're making changes so that you can know already what that poll looks like So we definitely need to add some of that into And then these buttons down here for suggests simplify and expand So suggest is like brainstorm with AI to help it get different search terms or figure out where areas where you're missing Simplify is to basically make the search looser or excuse me, make the search more simplistic. Expand is to make the search looser so that if you have too few candidates, go in, expand that pool by relaxing the conditions. But yeah, this will actually replace a good amount of the other screen, the existing screen. And the existing screen will get definitely much simplified on the sidebar because it won't, it'll be more like LinkedIn recruiter where everything's a modal pop-up. for what you want to change instead of just being a very dense side panel. There are other things too that'll have to come from LinkedIn Recruiter that we definitely will need because just from a usability standpoint it's worth it. I think LinkedIn Recruiter should be the standard that we look at. I don't think it should be JobDiva because JobDiva doesn't have a good interface. So consistently that's been feedback we've gotten from all the recruiters is that JobDiva It works, but that's the limitation. Even like this, if you're on the search results page on LinkedIn Recruiter and you click on someone's profile, on JobDVit just shows you a little bit of their resume. Meanwhile, on LinkedIn Recruiter, it gives you this really nice overview. It gives you a way to write them a message right from here. It gives you a very rich way to view the person. We don't necessarily need all of this. But I think this is a better detail view from a person so that you can do it rather than just looking at the resume plain text. So, got a lot of good ideas. It's a lot of work, but at the same time, it can be phased out properly. So my plan for right now, of course, once there's consensus from everyone, would be number one, form that separation between job parser and the search. Job parser can be for informing a human. The search can be for searching, two totally different cases. But how are the search results then ranked and matched? Yes. So for ranking, search results are still just based on relevancy. So relevance meaning that based upon the actual bull search criteria, what is the match percentage just like a normal search engine would give. It's not actually doing anything deeper than that. that will go in the next step. So, for the search, the rankings in search are based purely on relevance of the search, just like how LinkedIn Recruiter and JobDiva both work today. JobDiva doesn't really do relevance ranking, but at least that's how they show up today. The next step is where you would actually go and get the matching. And that would be the match step. Because you could be a good hit, let's say, for instance, on keywords, but you could be a bad hit if you look more deeply into the person's profile. So separating those two will prevent keyword stuffing on resumes. So for instance, if we go like this. Go to the talent pipeline for this one. Two candidates. Let me do this. So, for instance, this page on the right is the match report for a person that was shortlisted for the position. Anytime someone gets a thumbs up, that's whenever they get actually moved into the pipeline. So this Soumya Kay that came up, she got moved into the pipeline. As soon as I hit the thumbs up button, that sends her into the pipeline and generates a match report. So the match report is a secondary step after search, only applying to the candidates that get the green thumbs up. So I think the biggest thing here is that we'll have to make a decision. It's not exactly a small one. If we wanted to do a deeper match to start with, we would have to parse everyone's resumes to start with, which isn't that bad. It just introduces some time aspect to it. And if we wanted to do that, I don't think it's a bad idea. I'm actually in favor of that as long as it's something that we actually can do. We're going to have a lot of waste, but we are going to get better matches and quicker matches as a result. I don't think these have to actually be two distinctly separate steps. Can you refer again? What are you talking about? The last step? Yes. So for instance, we have a separation. So when we do the search, the search is based upon essentially the JobDiva plain text of the resume. And we have a minor amount of let's say structured metadata and JobDiva from JobDiva's own parsing of the resume. The problem is that a lot of it is not exactly as usable. For instance, for this person, just as an example, JobDiva has an experience table. but the experience table is not exactly clean. For instance, it'll say like someone's job title was software developer at Tata Consulting Services. So it is information and it is searchable, but it's not exactly structured. It's semi-structured. So what we would get from this is that whenever you're doing a search in talent AI, You're searching the data, but you're searching based upon exactly as you would with a bull search. Just on the resume text, we can still do things like semantic match, vector match, et cetera, things like that. But we lose that deeper level of matching that comes from having a specific comparison on specific fields. We could do that all in one step, but we would have to process all candidates' resumes in general. does add more on to what our cost would be, but at the same time, our cost is still not going to be substantial because what we're spending right now is, I think all of time AI cost has been $12 for the app. And so if you scale that out, it's actually not substantial, especially if it was actually optimized. So, yeah, but that's definitely a bigger decision. I'd say that's a fundamental shift. I do think on the matching itself, there's also a lot of questions that need to be addressed here, like being able to really refine these scores and making sure that they are in alignment. I think we started to, I look back at the code, I think we started to stray back away from that path of making things truly deterministic because there's a lot of randomness. The easiest way to check that is put in an identical candidate and see if they get the same scores and they don't. So there is some work to be done here that we'll have to get into, but I'll get the search figured out first, because at least this is mostly correct for the match. And you have not covered this part of the application in your today's discussion with Ambar and so on? So on match report, no. We did not get to cover that. I think Suvo is really a helpful discussion because I think Suvo is asking definitely the right questions. I think there's still just a difference in ideology on some things that we aren't going to be able to resolve, but at least for the search versus the job parser page, I think we do have, at least within Amber and myself, we have consensus there on what needs to happen. I'm sorry, I want to ask you something else I forgot, yeah. Yes, sir. Did you, did you, I know that you connected with the Nike and Muhammad Arahir. Were you able to get feedback from them, all their experience of using talent there has been so far, what they're like and what they're not like? Yes, yes, yes. I think for holistically everyone, I think what they, have liked is they see things, they know what we're going for. I think the feedback that I've gotten that they didn't love is they didn't love some of the organization of things. For instance, both LinkedIn Recruiter and JobDiva, it's really easy to get to the search page. I know we have ours a certain way for a good reason. But I think navigation and in general finding things and making things more easy to find is better than saying people will have to learn this. So more intuitive interface is one. I think they did have some valid concerns on the timing. So there's some steps that just take too long and it's just because they're trying to do too much at once. Job parser is a good example of that because it's trying to not only parse a job, but also come up with phone screening and interviewing questions. And that makes the total cycle time for it four minutes whenever it could be done in 30 seconds. So if all these extra things were trimmed off, because logically speaking, you don't need at the time of parsing a job to create interview questions. That could always be a later on step. So that was another thing that they had. Both of them had that feedback. And then the last was definitely on search. Search is where they were saying the same words, but they meant very different things. So Vinayak, for instance, wanted a very pure to job diva type search. He wants a bull search, nothing more, nothing beyond bull search. Whereas Mohammad Arif, he also wants a bull search, but he wants it to be a flexible thing so that he can use for, let's say, the more vanilla positions maybe, he can use a simpler way, just selecting basic things, and then also having the flexibility to have more control if and when you need it. Okay. No, I think the utility we have on anything. That's fine. We'll do that for you. Yes. So, otherwise, I think they both like it. They both had a lot of good input for it. The things that they didn't love are very simple and straightforward things, I would say. I think the other thing that I was able to get through to both of them was there's certain things that are very small that are easy to fix. Like, for instance, not being able to select a whole country for a location, those are very quick changes for us to make, and we've addressed most of them already. Other things might be more perception than they are deficiency. And so, for instance, JobDiva sorts results based upon recency of the resume being updated. So if the resume was uploaded just a few minutes ago, that will always appear at the top row of the search results in JobDiva, whereas LinkedIn Recruiter does it based on relevancy, as well as Talent AI does it based on relevancy. And that way, you'll see the same results but in a different order. So that was something I had to explain for Vinayak. So he understood why, you know, the count is the same, the people are the same, they're just displayed in an order based upon relevance to the bull search rather than just the how, what order they uploaded the resume. Great, and we haven't seen any new feedback or bugs reported on the channel yet, right? No. The bug reporter utility is going well, so that's at least something, but... It's just these first four, one of them is from me, the others are from Mohammad Arif. They're all about timing. So other than this, there haven't been any new ones. Yeah, timing, timing, even I realized that was an issue, but then I thought that as we progress, as we continue to evolve, this timing will continue to get better. But if you have to make some architectural changes of not triggering screening questions and the passing skills at the same time, yeah, that might make sense. Yes, yes. I can tell from that because there's even just on this job parser screen or on resume parsers the same way. There's about eight language model calls individually that all have to wait for each other. Half of them might not be necessary yet. The other half, they could just be done in one step or done in parallel. But so there there is some rework needed there. What else for us other than talent here any anything specific? Or block or anything which is bothering you to chat No, I think I think probably for tomorrow. The only thing that I can see I did talk to import today and I Didn't know quite what to say We just have to get back on track. I think with the broader roadmap because even today he told me he was like I haven't he said he's kind of like taken us a step back for the last couple for the last five days and hasn't been really working on anything because in his team's idol and I was like we're working like full pace right now so I think we just need to get more on our on our to-do list and the conveyor belt. I definitely have enough work for me but I need to make sure that it's that there's other things going on too because there's a much longer. Subha is in town. We would be meeting Subha shortly as well. My assumption is that he would have some inputs as well from for his side he might have had them from one-on-one sessions. So yeah a little bit to get from him as well. But yeah, other than that, Tallinn Air is good. I know there's a lot of things flying around right now with Cisco, so hopefully we actually get that business. That is correct. And you know, while we start cheering these ones, right, they are not busy, we are not, in their mind, they don't know us that we have these capabilities. So we'll be always competing against somebody. Always, right? getting a first success or second success will always be a longer cycle, will be a more frustration cycle. They might not, we will win some, we'll lose some. But once we start winning it, it will create repetitive success for us to get it. And that's natural to happen. I don't blame them for that discussion because see, when they are trying to solve a problem, they will go where they have the most confidence or the least risk. No one wants to get burned, they do that. Like, for example, if coherent has to get some resources offshore, we are there trying, right? Because we have built that complex. Yes, right. They will be equally hesitant to go to any other complex. You know, I will say, the one thing, before I knew anything about B1, whenever Abhay made that original decision, he had known the person that was at... at the other agency. He had known them from some past work that they had done together. And that's ended up why he chose them. Every day Mahash would come to me and he'd say, you know, how's the team? How's everything? And I'd say, it's 50-50. I mean, it's, there's some things that are good. The hiring was just bad, but the team itself is good. You know, the people are good. He'd say, ah, he should have gone with Bay One. I wish we would have done that. Every day he would say that to me. And they are also right. We had put our best work forward with Abhay. Abhay went wherever he felt comfortable. I think it would have been a very different story. And some of these case studies you were hearing with Amit in the call, right? We all had a heart cell. I think most of the time we got it because we had prior relationships. Yes. People trusted. Mahesh equivalent in those companies who could vouch for us. I see, I see. Yeah, and that's how it works. And so obviously the first one is going to be a, so, but the good news is that at least the school is bringing these problems to us. We are learning, we are learning what our problems exist in the market where they are going and find, trying to find a partner for it. Yes, yes, definitely. And so more of these discussions, we'll get more and more ready for it. Absolutely. And I think one thing that's been really good, so I have followed your guidance this past week. I've been trying to pull myself away from some things, not getting involved unless it's necessary for yourself or Ruhol asked me to do it. But even that's been good because I think when people are realizing we're starting to now build up enough material so that I don't have to drop everything to write a case study or to write a proposal or to write something. I think we're finally getting in that groove as well where we're starting to amount enough material behind us that we don't have to have a big effort every time we need something. This is the path we are going to walk a lot this year. We are getting ourselves ready for it. We are making some strategic hires or talking to two people whom we want to bring on board to help us walk through this journey. more easily, smoother. And at the same time, and I will tell you the same thing, keep looking for the right people who can take off your work. That's more important. Because if you get any of these drugs which you have been involved with, then you will be scrambling between talent AI and delivering that and additional sales costs that you have to get into. So it's important that we continue. looking out, continue reaching out to the right people. As we are evaluating them, they will also evaluate us. Not everybody will join us, but we should continue looking forward. I think I've made the decision, even just for this week, I tried something a lot different with everyone, so I tried to say I'm going to reorganize my time a little bit more. For the team, I tried to do something and it's been working well, which is give people a little bit more responsibility and ownership of specific things that's been going well. So I've been able to pull back some of the meetings that I've had with the team. I still, of course, have my one-on-ones with them, but I don't need to have as many stand-up meetings with them as a result. So they finally are taking in some ownership. Reason for that is I need to carve out time to start to do interviews. That's the... the single biggest thing that I should, it'll make life easier as we go forward here. I think you are aware of that ATO coming up in February, right? Yes, yes sir. And when are you looking to travel? When do you want me? Pittsburgh's not a fun place to be right now, I will say. Good, good. We will bail you out of there. where you are aware. I probably will update you tomorrow. Ideally, I would like to do to be here for say about two weeks. Yep. Okay. And, and, and ideally I'm looking for the week of nine and the week of 16. Okay. Yep. We have the, we have the AQO at the end of the week of 16, which is the 19th and 20th. I would, I would most likely travel to India on the 16th. because I will be attending the AQO from the office. Okay. But I think between the week of 9th is going to be a important week for us to do some discussions. Okay. Yes. Okay. And so in my mind, and I'll reconform and I'll talk to Rahul and Sonia. I'll reconform this yet, but as long as you are able to, it'll be a good idea for you to be here for two minutes. Yes. I can do that. I can do that. Okay. Yes. And if your wife is not working, bring her and enjoy the sunshine. I think I'll definitely have to. I need to send you a picture of what outside looks like. There's, not kidding, about 14 feet of snow piled up so that I can see it out of my second-story window. It's crazy. Of course, that's what the plot is. All I can tell you is it is 62 degrees and bright and sunny. It's 11 right now for us. But yes. Yes. So it'll be a nice change of thing and very good to see everyone. Yes. I'd love to hear that. Yes. Chris, what else can I help you with? I'd say I'm getting, I think I'm getting back in the groove of things, like even just doing talent alongside some of these more selves oriented things. So I'm thankful for that. I think the one thing that I would say I'm a little bit preconditioned for, but need to get more used to, it kind of reminds me almost whenever I was in R&D. For R&D, maybe 1% of things actually work. 99% of things can't work because they're not possible. But even for this, I don't want to apologize, but also do want to apologize. If we didn't get a contract, I just want to make sure, you know, I'm doing everything I can for those. I completely understand that. I completely understand. And that's why I was telling you that it will happen. I'm glad, I'm glad that we are getting more and more of these conversations. And every second conversation will be better than the first one. And that's how the way we'll go. And that's how we will build some business. It's completely understandable. And I think, you know, while you are doing your best, being there, we definitely need to bring in some people who come from a technology background of that industry. Then what happens is then you and that person can create music together which kind of like to listen. Yes. I like it. You know, you have a fair share of experience from manufacturing and different other areas of your work. At the same time, every industry, every company is very specific. Yes, absolutely. And I'm assuming the company, when they are going for their leaning towards that company has been working with them for the last four or five years. I see. So they understand that they will not have to spend time to teach them. Right. Yeah, so that's the only difference it is, right? And once we, and we would probably, you know, looking at, we would have to see what is our client base. So either a client base retail, our client base is high tech, or born digital or digital native, right? We might have to bring in some technology subject metrics, but to understand this space very well. Right, right. Like among the case studies, they asked a question, right? A person from what is loyalty? Loyalty is the Macy's star rewards program. That's particularly it is. And that's the loyalty program. And for every loyalty tier, they do personalized campaigns, marketing strategies is different. And so somebody who understands that concept can relate to that space much earlier than anybody else. Right. Absolutely. Absolutely. Don't feel bad about it. It's a it's a map and you know when you're when you do sales you win some and you lose It's part of the general That's where I must tell you with the first QE project we did Here Amit spoke about The success we have had attempts, but prior to that we had another project at Cisco We lost half a million dollars Wow, okay Wow Last half a million dollars, we won that project, we were not able to deliver it, and while we were not able to deliver it, the scope was not defined. The scope was not defined, there were too many interdependencies, the roadblocks were too much, and we were just learning through the process. After six to eight months time, when everybody had spent time, they pulled the plug, and we were happy to get the pulled the plug, because it was not going anywhere. But when we went on to the second project, we were much more cautious, we were much more structured, we did not fail. So everything is a lie. So in today's world, if somebody comes to us and says the scope is not defined, we are not signing for a fixed scope project. Then we are only signing for a time and material. We are not working. And in your time, if you are unsure about the scope, you're not signing up. Right. That makes sense. Yes. Much, much, much better that way. Absolutely. Yeah. Sounds good. Let's catch up tomorrow. Let's warm up those days. There are some exciting things coming up. So definitely, I would like you to be here for a couple of weeks. Yes. We'd love to. Yes. Save me from the avalanche outside. oh please please you will love it look up don't look up the weather i can't i'll get upset but yes it would be great thank you so much thank you so much i have meetings every weekday morning but they are just one-on-ones with my team so let me know if there is a day that would work well to meet with them Both are promising if I had to make an off-the-cuff assessment right now. Yes, that is correct. I am also adding in a setting so that we can... Yes, exclamation point. I have meetings all morning, every day, but they are mostly one-on-ones with my team. I can move around any of the meetings to accommodate, so just let me know any morning. My only restriction is on Monday and Wednesdays. Otherwise, I am free on all days from 5am PT to 9am PT.
This looks great, exclamation point. Did you do a lot of these things inside custom? I'm asking because there's a lot of visual polish to this that I haven't seen from most of our slide decks. Hey Colin. Hey, how's it going? Good, how are you? Pretty good, pretty good. I'm so sorry.

