Hey Siva! Hey Colin, how are you? I'm doing good, how are you? I was just responding to your messages, yeah. I wasn't sure if you were ready, I just started the bridge. Okay, great, I'm doing great, how about yourself? Everything good? Everything is good, it snowed again for us. I thought we were done with winter, but it seems like it's coming back with a fury, so... Oh man, the weather has been absolutely weird. In California, the last few days have, it feels as if, you know, it's July. I think San Ramon may hit 100, not 100, but at least 90 degrees today or tomorrow. So it's, it's incredibly high for this time of the year. Wow. Wow. Oh my gosh. And we haven't hit even the equinox, right? Right. Oh my gosh. I'll take that over this. Well, it's all subjective. Yes, absolutely. I can understand, right? I can understand the challenge of the snow. I hope the weather improves, Colin and my apologies for starting late. I just have two, three very quick items to discuss with you. And of course, whatever you have to discuss. So I'll let you go first. Whatever you want to talk about. Sure, sure, sure. So I have a couple of things. I finally got a couple items put together for all the projects. So I can show that. I got that done late last night. So I finally got all the active projects for AI in one place, just on a quick sheet. Oh wow, awesome, awesome, awesome. Finally there, it does not include things that aren't real opportunities on purpose, because the problem is that a lot of those don't have much insight from me. They're just kind of anecdotal things that are from the sales team. So I'm leaving them out until they get a little bit firmer and kind of using that to drive. I've tried to push back a little bit for sales to say, you got to give me written information in some way, shape or form at some point, rather than just having meetings and me having to go do 3x work to just get the information down on paper. But so I've got that. I had some good progress with Rachel. So unexpected person that can definitely come in and help. So Rachel kind of gave me a call about for the sales team the PowerPoint slides and everything like that. She has her graphic designer. Basically where we're in GoodSync right now is that she wants people to use the template. Wonderful. Wonderful. For Talent AI, all is well right now. I've been talking with Amber. We've been having those meetings for handing things off. It's been less structured, but I think it's working that way. Basically, we just pick a topic and we go for it. We do that on Monday and Wednesdays. He takes some time in the middle to digest and try things out as we want. If he has any problems, we address them on Wednesday. He's, I think, starting to feel a lot more comfortable. I think there's some things that are bigger than he thought, but at the same time, they're not scary things. They're definitely approachable, and I've been able to give him some tools to help him as well. Okay, so a question for you. What times are these meetings on Mondays and Wednesdays? These are generally at, what, 9 a.m. EST, so 6 p.s.d. Okay 9 9 a.m. Eastern, you mean? That's right. That's right. Okay. Okay, so 6 a.m. Eastern. Okay, got it. Got it. And so I would love to join you for lunch. So next session would be on Monday, the next Monday, right? That's right. Okay, but I'm flying back to California today. As am I. So I will have to come in. They originally had us, they kinda got me messed up next week. Next week is gonna be almost a wash, I have to say. But basically they scheduled the hotel from Tuesday to Friday, but I have to fly in on a Tuesday. So now I have to switch my flight to Monday, get a hotel for that one night. I talked to Lorraine already, so all is well. But I had a meeting with Sephora in person Tuesday morning. So I have to fly in on Monday. So Monday will be... Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. I see what you said. Okay. Yeah. And the workshop is on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Right. And there is some pre-work for that. I have a question for you. Have you done anything as far as the pre-work is concerned yet? Not too much. How much is not too much? Because if you already have a plan in place and all it means is getting that data and if you're already working with someone, awesome. Otherwise, I decided to team up with Amit because he too is not quite a salesperson. But he's aware of the demand pipeline as far as solutions opportunities are concerned. And I thought maybe we can leverage that and use that as a use case. So have you partnered with somebody already? And is it just the question of completing it? Or are you just getting started and you wouldn't mind? I mean, where do you stand? So I'll say this, and I mean this in a good way. I don't know how much I'm going to get out of next week. I will be open ears, of course, of course. But my worry is from the sales perspective, I feel like I can put a lot of opportunities on one place, and that's what I put together the sheet for, kind of for three birds, one stone. So I can definitely share on that. I think my problem is that beyond... very few opportunities outside of Sephora and Cisco. There haven't been many actual qualified leads. So that's where I have things that are already kind of bird in hand that are articulated well. But in terms of like, you know, capturing the other opportunities and things, I've tried to talk to people about that for a while already. So I was like, I'm... I'm stuck as to what to do because I've already done it and it's like I'm doing it again. I'm happy to team up. I'm like stuck as to how much time I should be committing to it because I have yet to not get us an opportunity when we talk to a client. I still have plenty to learn for sure, but I'm like... concern for the South Side is more on the process, to be honest, I think. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think, you know, I hope I'm proven wrong, but my concern is that those challenges or issues probably will not get addressed more than maybe a mere 20%. And if you remember, I brought up a question, and even, you know, there were a couple of voices, and I definitely seconded you, and I admit, in terms of, you know, that there has to be a pre-qualification process. A pre-qualification as far as demand is concerned and a pre-qualification as far as supply is concerned as well. Because both are equally important because before you say yay or nay to something. The gentleman mentioned that demand qualification will be part of the discussion, although I don't know how much, and I'm a little skeptical of that. But then he blatantly said, supply qualification is not my problem, and even the large system integrators sign up for anything and everything under the sun, as long as they are able to sign up on a climb. And the delivery team will have to figure out how to execute and deliver a date for now if they want to do it. But at least sales people have gotten the client right up to the door. And now it's your problem or business to decide what to do next with them. And my concern is that most of the workshop is probably going to be focused on the sales funnel, right? More like lead qualification, quality lead qualification, and how do we get a client from being, you know, maybe to, yes, at least I want to give it a try. right and as long as they enter the you know or exit the sales funnel and get into relationship or whatever and they say I think the objective of the workshop is done okay so now we have signed up a new plan or we have signed up a project now we'll figure out if or not and how we can deliver all this right so and that's a big concern so maybe the good thing about us being present in the workshop is not necessarily to just learn how sales is done but to keep reminding them about the guardrails. You just cannot sell everything in the sun. Remember the capabilities, remember this, remember that, and all of that. So from that perspective, I think on the one hand, it's going to be educational for us, but also for the sales team that we have to keep reminding them, don't sell anything and everything. Well, I wanted to, because I sent an email to Anand, the person who did the training, because I think Anuj made a little bit mixed up, because I think Anuj thought I was going to like, you know, kind of commandeer at the end and pull an AI thing, and I'm like, we are so not ready for that. Because what I see, if I was to give, like, that's why I didn't do the pre-work yet, to be honest with you, because I didn't want to, I just wanted to let my mind settle a little bit from last week. It was because the problems I see aren't really that much to do with even sales. It's more to just do with, you know, people in the way that they're working. Like even just a matter of scheduling things or a matter of communicating on, you know, like a standard platformer channel or putting things into Salesforce. They're more like... Fundamentals, and I'm not a salesperson. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Operational and standard operating procedures, if you will, right? We need an SOP. Yes, yes. Because sometimes right now it feels like I'm trying to be a dentist and make people's teeth out just to get them to... I get the ear sales, but at some point your job is not just to call people. There's a whole other side of that, too, which has to be communicating that down the chain. And I know that's how it's worked so far, but I don't have a way to scale that if people aren't going to record things. Oh, yes, yes, yes, completely. And then maybe, you know, once we get to meet in person, most likely then Tuesday, right? Once you're back from your support and other meetings and prior to the start of the workshop, or even during the breaks, we can talk about how to reiterate some of this message. to the participants at the workshop. Because I doubt if this will be part of the main agenda, the main agenda would be what is the kind of client, what are the challenges you are running into, who are you meeting with, are you meeting with the right decision makers. So from a sales perspective, those are all right questions. I think what we are doing right now is, and then maybe there might be some lead qualification or demand qualification topics being discussed. But as far as supply, qualification and readiness and operating procedures and this and that, that part is I think the gap that you keep alluding to. And I think that is understood. We have to keep reiterating to people that just because, you know, you have a buyer. doesn't necessarily mean that now you are ready to sell the product. We are doing different things, right? I think that distinction needs to be called out. The meeting might not be a place to brainstorm and solution that, as long as people recognize it, park it somewhere, and then we revisit it. I think it would give us the opportunity to ensure that it is given its due importance and earmarked for subsequent discussion. But I don't think those discussions may happen with Anand. The way he handled that question, despite some people raising objections, I clearly understood. This is for sales. And he does not want to dilute his content. Because supply qualification means that not every person at the door... You'll open the door for it, right? You might end up saying, oh, I have nothing to send to this person, so why even bother? So I don't think it's going to be part of his agenda to address that. He would love to see a larger funnel as possible, right? As large as possible. Anyways, long story short, I think we have to keep reiterating and remind people that such a thing needs to be created, that after we started operating procedures. There has to be a capabilities document and you have to, you just can't sell anything under the sun. You need to know what exactly you are selling. Right, right. And I mean, even so, if I seem like a stranger hesitant, that's the only reason why, because I'm like, the more ammunition I give people, it's like already, like last week, I tried to get people on the same page and the same just keeps happening. I think the reality is they do need that very first screen. That's what even I've been pushing my team out from a qualification standpoint, because the problem is that people, I hate to say this, but please forgive me for this, people are kind of misrepresenting things at some level. Like whenever we're talking to new clients, people really want to trumpet, you know, oh my god, amazing opportunity, I just talked to VP. In reality, I mean, half the opportunities aren't there. They sound really good whenever it's in a team's chat. But whenever you dig in a little bit deeper, it's like, you know, 80% misses in the 20% remaining. Yes, yes, yes. And that will happen, right? The question is, how do we minimize that? And how do we make ourselves more effective? And in that regard, you know, if we if we were to preach generics, you know add them it will in my opinion not be very fruitful because it has to be substantiated in very specific examples both good and bad right and this is where I think collectively you me and maybe a myth and work together to create the rules of engagement essentially. And I can take the lead of this because you are busy working on the specifics of those projects at least as far as the leads are concerned or at least in helping them qualify those leads. And then secondly Amit is probably too busy on the delivery side of the house in terms of what is being done already. So I think, you know, we need one person and I can, I can play that role for now is helping, you know, based on inputs I get from you and Amit and others, we have to craft those rules of engagement, right? This, when you are talking to a potential lead, you know, decision maker, VP, whatever, these are the questions you need to ask and I cannot entertain you until you have the answers to all these questions. And those templates have to be written down. those have to be very specific. Because until we give them specific questions and keep telling them, oh, this is very generic, I can't do anything with it, I think they may need a little bit more guidance because they are non-technical people, right? Yes. Yeah, so that hand holding, you might have to do call it in the beginning. And then, you know, so this is what you do for lead qualification. These are the 10 questions. Only if the answer is clear and crisp on all 10 is when you go to stage two. Stage two is when we have a discovery meeting. Until then, I don't even show up on a client call until you have the answer for all these 10 questions in advance. You know, those kind of things, those kind of rules and guardrails we have to put in place. Otherwise, it's going to be nightmarish, especially for you. So that's that's actually what my motivation was for the like if we do it so if we get those roles of engagement we get have them enshrined somewhere and we're in collective agreement on them we like them if I stick that in a chatbot if I stick that in a chatbot and make that a very simple thing that's just an intake that's available to the sales team something super fast, something super simple. I have my team working so that hopefully it can be ready for even next week itself. Basically the problem that we can avoid with that, the sales team is very good at selling. So what ends up happening, the two behaviors that I've observed myself that can be prevented this way. One is overstating. That overstatement can be done with a very simple technical chop. The other half of that same point is that people aren't writing things down. They're saying, I'd love to call you and tell you about this opportunity. And they put like 20 people on the team's channel for no reason. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because that's how they have been operating, right? Yes, yes. And they're like, you know, they find everything possible to ensure that whatever the lead is gets at least up to the next stage. because again there might be incentives right there might be direct or indirect incentives just bringing people to the table getting them sign an MSA even if there is no clarity in terms of exactly what project we are going to do with them if there is enough interest it's like hey can they sign an MSA signing an MSA means a new account signing a new account means now that account is associated with me the salesperson and only me exclusively so nobody else is going to tap on that door anymore for any future requirements you see so there is a win-win even if no projects are executed If, you know, if Salesperson XY gets their name on that client, it's their client exclusively. I believe there are some, you know, rules in place in terms of, you know, how salespeople engage, their rules of engagement, right? And their territories, they are extremely territorial, right? As far as companies are concerned or even different groups within companies. So, and that's why we probably don't need to this scenario. But call it, I think this is a big topic, right? So we'll have to. Slice and dice and see how quickly we can begin addressing one chunk at a time. But maybe once you are in pleasant and I think we'll have to meet and discuss about this in person. And definitely in the presence of at least Amit, maybe if possible, also either Yogesh or Raul. That way we will all be on the same page. Yes, yes. Now, so I do have a couple of things for the framework. I can put them down to paper. If you want to hear them, I can share them now. Now is not the right time. I don't think we need to go over it right now, but just a couple of things. Great to have that framework. Great to have if it means that framework is representable in one physical artifact that can be reviewed as in a document, PDF, doc, whatever it is, or a web page. awesome and if I'm understanding you right if you can put a layer on top of that you know like a chatbot layer which when asked specific questions get referred to that document and then provide suitable answers then wow although honestly I don't know how effective adbot is going to be because if you have the doc and that doc is not too confusing and not more than say 10 or 15 pages, I think it's going to be less than that. You may not need an interactive bot unless there are many qualification questions which are extremely subjective and cannot be inferred by looking at the generic talk. Is that the case, Colin, why you think you need a bot layer? So I think from the bot layer, it's more to call BS without wasting our time gone meetings more than anything else. I think, like, one big behavioral thing that I've noticed is that the moment anyone on sales gets you on the phone, you're done. Doesn't matter what you say on that call. They will take everything as a yes, and, you know, even I'll give an example of Han. She's so sweet and so good at this, but, you know, she had me join a call that I absolutely shouldn't have been on, and then she sends me a message later that we say, okay, where's my content then? And I'm like, Han, you didn't... It's not my job to take notes for your meeting. And the problem was, is the moment you're on the call, you'll say, no, I can't help you with that. And no, this opportunity is not a real one. And either you have to be the bad guy all the time, pretty much, about things that you shouldn't really have to tell. people in my opinion or you end up wasting a lot of time on these meetings like every week I probably get now between 10 and 15 new teams channels with opportunity names popping up and they're almost all complete waste and people want to get on a call and kind of force it by who else is on the on the channel like you know they'll put a news, they'll put Suresh and I kind of look like the bad guy you know if I don't join every call because of that pressure got it got it now I have a question for you yes you mentioned a couple of things right you mentioned that major many of these leads I don't know what percentage you have them done somewhere in terms of you know for what they are so it is just maybe a collection of artifacts but maybe there is a summary somewhere maybe there's a spreadsheet again I don't know but I mean, so that's one question. I think you mentioned at the beginning that you probably have something to share, right? That would be great. But more importantly, Colin, in terms of the qualification piece, so now, say there are 20 such opportunities, and out of them, clearly, 15 of them are like BS, right? Due to one reason or the other. Have you been able to, at least, you know, you have identified them. Yes, that's why you do this. Yes. But is that in the summary that you share with me, is that thing called out as in, well, this is not a realistic lead or whatever, because it lacks ABC, either the demand lacks a bunch of things or the supply lacks a bunch of things because we don't have the capability or we don't have the bandwidth. So it probably is a combination of all of these things. Do you have that information already, or will you be able to put that in whatever you share with us? Yes, of course, of course. So I already have it. The two docs that I sent are the collection of things that are real. I'll also put together, because I already have the content. This will take me two seconds. I have all the other opportunities that have been raised so far by the sales team. The detailed investigation of why it's not real, I have that. I'll put that in a doc so you can see. And what you'll see is a lot of things are just people misphrasing. For better, I don't know if it's intentional or not. I'm sure it's not intentional. But for one thing, Senki did come back. Big opportunity with SI time for AI dashboarding. And I said, OK, let's hear about it. It ended up being they wanted us to make a SharePoint site for the internal team. No AI involved at all. Just literally just make a SharePoint site. And I said back, I was like, what? I mean, I that's not even like something my team would do. Oh, yeah. And I think that's weird. they are making a mistake is there might be generic opportunities for sure and that's something that Bay 1 can do. It may or may not be necessarily an AI project. I think right now what is happening is any kind of technical requirement is getting funneled as a potential AI opportunity. So, you know, disqualification of something from an AI perspective does not necessarily mean that it gets disqualified as a perceivable A1 project, right? So it might be feasible, except that maybe AI team does not need to get involved. But that being said, for certain clients, though, although it is fairly well understood that, hey, this may have been very limited if not zero. AI involvement, their budget might be coming through an AI initiative, you see. So even the manager who's approving the project probably knows very well this has very little to do with AI, but the only way they will get approval on this is if there is an AI spin to our solution, right? And it may be, oh, you know what? we'll build a SharePoint for you, and there's going to be this dashboard that's going to summarize the content of the SharePoint, and then we're going to learn the GI so that you can draw some analytical derivations of this. Some DS, but that automatically flags that as an AI project. Again, I'm just thinking out loud here. But there are many ways by which development managers or team managers become very... creative when they know there are funds available and somehow they have to get their work done. It needs to get tagged under a project that is being funded. Right. Yes. Makes sense. Makes sense. So that could be a reason why. In this, I think I love the fact that you have segregated them by client. I'm looking at the, the summary version of this. You have mentioned about details. Now I think you mentioned that you also maybe add in a column or something that gives the first cut review of Is this an AI project or a non-AI project? And then whether or not we're pursuing by day one already or not. It's a kind of a qualify you put, right? So actually, so the two docs that I just showed, are you looking at those two that I showed in our chart? I'm looking at the second one, the executive summary. Okay. Okay. So for this, this is the master sheet of all the, uh, Informally, by myself only, just from my own standpoint, without the framework in place, these are qualified real opportunities from my personal view without that formal framework in place yet. Okay, so these are qualified from your perspective? Yes, yes. And if it means qualified by you, it means there is at least some plausible component of AI in subject or form? Absolutely. And I think, yeah, so everyone on here is a good AI project that'll get us money. My threshold for it is fairly, I don't want to go too deep into the framework, but basically there's an aspect of what the value can be for us. There's an aspect of alignment. So do we have similar projects so we don't have to start fresh every single time? Exactly, exactly. And even from a capacity standpoint, not just capacity, but also priority. because sometimes projects are silly, frankly, but they get us in somewhere. Other times projects are silly and there's no chance of them growing bigger than that. And, you know, that's where I have to push back to the sales team and say, you know, stop with this logo hunting thing. We're not the Boy Scouts. That might have been the thing back then. We've got enough good opportunities that we don't need to go for the small fish. Like the Sephora one could be multi-million dollar multi-year project. And that would eclipse so many other ones that we're talking. That's how I would look at it from my aspect. That's why I gave these ones, but the other ones, they were too small for me to care about. If it's not, I'll have to come up with some threshold with you. But for the value that we've went back, as minimum per quarter revenue that it would give us in order to say that it has some priority. Because I think what was happening is that every lead that I was getting was getting pushed as like this is the most important thing that we're doing. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, and every salesperson is going to do that. Now, a couple of quick questions here, a couple of quick questions, right? Number one, how much of this do you get to discuss? Two questions, actually. How much of this do you get to discuss when you have your one-on-ones with Yogesh? Question number one. And question number two, in addition to that, or in lieu of that, do you have some kind of a high-level triage session, at least involving you and Yogesh and maybe one more person? or at least between the two of you to then decide, okay, even here, how many are we talking about? Four plus three, seven, eight, eleven, right? So you have like close to it and there might be some in the pipeline. So you have like close to a dozen relatively well qualified projects where you need AI. So clearly, right, we don't want to land in a situation where there is way more, you know, that we are biting than what we can chew for now. So maybe it's time focusing on implementation for these ones and maybe very little effort on the regeneration piece or qualification piece because these have to be delivered as well. Yes. You read my mind, Subha. You read my mind. So the question is... Are there, you know, do we have those sessions at all yet or no? Because if not, we need to establish that ASAP and you being here next week and me being in Pleasanton as well, I think is a great opportunity for us to kickstart all these things and then have a process in place. Yes. Yes. And so to answer your question, no, we don't. And actually, it's coming to a head right now. So something happened last week that I'll talk to you guys later on today, we have our weekly one on one, I haven't been able I've tried to get ahold of him Monday and Tuesday, but I think he had some things that he was trying to fix that he was urgently doing. So I didn't get to connect with him Monday, Tuesday. For today, I've got a bunch of things for him. The most important one is actually the most a drastic one for solutions. So Vinayak and his team were helping me with sourcing. I got his team to be at roughly 80 to 85% first time acceptance rate with me. So they went from me rejecting 85% of candidates that they would send to me to me accepting 85% of the candidates. Very nice, very nice. Are there others because there's one guy who had a weight period? Are there others also actively being pursued in the pipeline then, in addition to what you already have? Yes, yes. And actually, I have a very good pipeline because of Vinay, in his whole team. So it's him plus the, I think, five others that report to him or associate with him in the org. They've given us a really nice pipeline for onshore, for nearshore, for offshore. But what happened that is a problem, a really big problem, frankly, is My problem statement to Jogesh as it's been for the past few months has been I need a manager. And so I finally got the green light on that from Jogesh and then last week Vinak tells me hey I'm not going to be able to help with any more offshore sourcing because Jogesh has asked him to focus purely on onshore and I understand the reason is that I guess the night shift recruiters make more money so they want them to focus on onshore rules. The problem is yeah probably And I think for a brief period, Vinak was playing that hybrid role, but I just coincidentally happened to speak with him briefly today. And then he said the same thing to me too, that he has now moved full into the night shift. So essentially he will be servicing Pacific hours, which means, you know, mostly onshore positions. Right. And so the problem is, is that if we take him out of the picture, I spent a lot of time with them to get them up to this level. Yeah, if we take them out of the picture cold turkey like this then I'm now So I mean I tried the other recruiters it is not Not great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but you know, so again, right, so We all have our strengths and weaknesses, right? And what I would say is, you know, at least, you know, I guess, again, being, you know, running operations, sometimes I do see a lot of these ad hoc decisions, but the best of intentions, of course, but they have these, you know, repercussions, right? Inadvertently. So, I think if you have a list of topics to discuss with him, here is what I would recommend, right? At least from my perspective as well, and there might be others that are important to you as well. But at least at a bare minimum. A, we have to establish standard operating procedures for all these kinds of consulting engagements, right? Like right from lead qualification, pre-sales, et cetera. I had already asked him if we could have a session. We remind him today that once See you on site next week. And I'll be there as well. We can at least kick off those sessions and begin putting something in place, right? Number one, because that by far is the biggest problem that we need to solve. Everything else is downstream, number one. Number two, for your hiring, mention to him that it has taken you a while to go from 15% acceptance to 85, 90%. So 5x, 6x improvement, just because you are working with one individual and his team. You wouldn't want to let go that advantage. Let him see the value in that and I'm pretty sure he'll let me. But you'll have to explain why you need him, at least for the near term. Right. I would do that. Absolutely. And hearing this, I'm also very tempted because for Kambar, for example. He's looking for a Django lead who's really, you know, AI conversant and is able to do things independently. And, you know, we are running into the same thing because we may get assigned a new recruiter and we don't want to start from scratch. So, you know, yes, we can leverage benign. That way he would know exactly, you know, the kind of proof I look for. So that would be helpful. So keep me posted. I'm presuming you'll be meeting with your guest. So at least at a very high level, these are the two topics. you must cover with it, right? Yes, for sure. On the consulting side, yeah, okay. And then of course, as part of the first topic, there have to be meetings set in place or triage sessions set in place where collectively we go over all the leads, okay. 12 in the pipeline, which ones to work on first, which ones next, right? You can't just do this on demand, otherwise sales is going to stretch you left, right and center. Really thin. I think the other thing that I could also probably use some of your wisdom on, I get very different things from Suresh and from Priya's perspective. very good in sync. They are very good at understanding what is going on. They're usually included in these conversations. They have a pretty well, from my understanding, they have a pretty good grasp of everything collectively that's been going on. We are able to get these opportunities, for sure. I mean, I will say that. I think maybe you guys know I've been a little bit far away from this. I've tried to pull them in on it, but to get them in sync with Sir Edge, to know, you know, these opportunities are definitely there, that has been tricky. And it's kind of like I have to have conversations multiple ways sometimes, because, like, for instance, like, I talked to RS today, and he asked me how Cisco was going. I said, great. I mean, we've got about five projects, or four definitive projects in the pipeline, with proper qualification, with proper budget, with proper everything. But I think he's still like oh, well, you know, we shouldn't hire anyone unless I get I get very mixed signals I get key capacity constant, you know play it safe and then I get you know shoot for the moon and Get people in so we can take care. Yeah. Yeah, and that's right. That's right We cannot have an execution meeting until a strategy meeting is in place, right? So so You know there is this this discussion okay let me take the lead on this okay and I will shoot off an email message on Teams chat right to Rahul in you guys as well because there is one actually why don't I use the one that I sent you and Amit messages on regarding qualification right demand and supply qualification as far as sales is concerned because this whole solution thing is pretty much in that domain as well. Because we need to talk. Because yes, I do get mixed signals sometimes, depending on who and when, right? So yeah, absolutely. Because here's what I understood. Priya has been hired with the intention that currently solutions, the strategic side of solutions, as in the pre-sales, the presentations, and all of that, that Amit is spearheading. The same team is also accountable for delivery. Right? So they get pulled into, right from pre-sales qualification, lead qualification, RFP responses to actual solutioning and then delivery as well. That does not make sense. Delivery has to get, you know, it has to be differentiated. That's different. You know, and I think Priya and her team, she'll be building a team, right? And whoever is working on solutions right now, we will, if it hasn't already rolled under Priya. eventually it will and she will take charge of you know all the offshore deliveries happening from India across all different projects whether they are you know potentially T&M or whether they are project based or solutions based or whatever at least that's my understanding is that your understanding as well yes yes definitely And I think, but I think they're still in the learning phase, right? And then gradually they'll get there. But the strategy piece of it, yeah, we need to see because you might be looking at these 12 opportunities as a fact, right? But I doubt if RS is looking at it that way. You might be looking at those 12 and thinking, oh, these are nearly, you know, half of these are maybe just discussions. And a quarter of these, at the most, are probably at some POC stage. And out of these, maybe one or at the most two, will eventually materialize as a fully actionable, executable project. You might still be thinking like that. We don't know. But we need to get together. And then going forward, have these sessions on a periodic basis, right, where we do the demand qualification and triaging and everything. Let me send out that message because I have tried bringing it up with Rahul Yogesh a couple of times. I haven't seen that level. I've seen a lot of interest that yes, we should get these discussions done. But I haven't seen a lot of enthusiasm in terms of getting those discussions done now. Yes. But I think we need to get it done now. Otherwise, you keep getting pulled into these leads. Maybe even today and tomorrow, two more leads will come up. From 12, we'll go to 15 qualified plausible opportunities. Then what did you do? Would you be spending time presenting yourself in these meetings or also planning towards how to execute at least one of those meetings? I know you're in the process of asking me a question. Does that help answer because, you know, is there any specific place where you're stuck right now with that? So you mentioned that Suraj and Priya were in sync, but then certain questions you've got from RS or your guesswork and a contradictory to that. So I think it's always about like a particularly staffing and projects. I think RS, I'll put it this way. I know I have to prove myself a little bit to him. I understand, so no issue there. I take that as it will. I think from Suresh and Priya, they've been with me on some of these customer calls, so they know what I can do there. More than what RS has seen for me. RS only got to see that one, let's say not so shiny Cisco meeting because Sarang was there and there was other things going on. We frankly have yet to miss. There's not been one meeting that I've wanted to be on with the customer that we haven't walked away with us out. And I don't know if they have seen that, really. So whenever Staphin comes up, Priya's being very helpful. Her and Suresh are both extremely aware of what my day looks like anymore. And they are pushing, hey, get some people, get some people. Yogesh will say that to me. And that tends to fluctuate a lot. RS doesn't really, he stays out of it. He says, just talk to Yogesh. My take is make sure we have work for them to do. And I'm like, of course. But from Yagesha's perspective, sometimes it seems like, you know, get, like even in Pleasanton in the past, they've said, you know, get the right people. If you know the right people, get them, pull them on. And then it flips to, you know. Don't hire anyone. Let's just fill these out and I'm like, but they are opportunities that are feet now You told me to move on them. So yeah And what you do is there are two ways to do this, right and and both are right, right? Depending on and when first is you can say oh this has already been run by Suresh and or Priya and they are good with this Maybe you can preface your questions or discussions with those then automatically they'll step out of it and say oh If Suraj has reviewed it and he is good, or Priya has done this, then we are good. So that caveat is always there. So, number one. Number one. If it has already been approved by somebody in the chain, at least among any of these four or five people, then I think you are good. Call it. You don't have to worry about it. Number one. All you need to do is just remind us. Suresh is the most part of the discussion and he's good, he's already proved, or he has already proved, then I think he should be good. So that's good news for you, number one. And number two is, number two is, when such a thing, such a question comes up in terms of, hey, you know, regarding any approval, any blanket approval that is already given for any potential opportunity, again, just a reminder, saying yes. Remember, we had, this had been approved. And based on that, there is this project, and that's why we decided to go ahead with this time. And I think, so that's the second way to deal with it. Third way is, even better, proactively, right? irrespective of whether you choose option one and or two, is on a periodic basis, just send and do it. I'm pretty sure you'll probably share with them some executive updates, quote, unquote. And in that you can say, based on your approvals from the past regarding hiring for any active projects, and currently in the pipeline, we are in the process of hiring for people, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So you're not seeking permission. All you are doing is providing information. If there is any objection to that, then object. Otherwise, if it's more of a permission, if you don't get any response, now the owner's burden is on you to wait and get their approval and move forward. Let people speak up, the wedding goes on. It's better to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission. Always go by that rule. Definitely. There are good people. I'm being very careful with the hires. We've got four people sitting right now that we could get. Yeah. Best case for us is we get them all, frankly. Best case. I mean, they're ready. They're vetted. They are perfect for everything we want to do. And most of all, they're independent. So there is also a manager that that's probably the biggest thing that I'll try to unblock with you guys today. There was a manager that was suggested from Priya that I interviewed that was really, really, really good. But definitely need that person. I think the other thing that I try to pull away from is Suraj. It's a comfort zone for sure to go into QAQE. But the team can do a lot more than that. So I think... Yeah, yeah. There might be history behind this. I think Priya comes from a QA-QE background herself, right? In terms of the kind of projects she's worked on in the past, based on my brief, you know, review of her profile. So there might be, you know, an inclination towards those kind of projects. And again, those are relatively easy to staff. and they have a definitive, even if the margins are a bit on the lower side, they are guaranteed margins and those projects last forever, right? So I think as a business opportunity, we probably make sense too. So, but yeah, completely appreciate it. So what else? I mean, I think there are these three things that I think we need to discuss with the cash. keeping a prize, right? And I think you also mentioned about the ones that are, at least from your perspective, disqualified projects are not, are unqualified. You know, if you can shed some light on why that is the case. So that would be helpful. And yeah, and, you know, keeping a prize about how your hiring goes. And like I said, You know, in your interactions with your gash, do ask him if you could at least for the shorter term continue to leverage your benign, but you should tell him why, right? You should mention to him those percentages. I mean, this is just a guidance, just a thought. Your call, right? He might still say no. Right, right. Yes, I definitely will. I definitely will. There is no harm in either trying that out. What else? Any other open questions? I mean, I think you also mentioned the transition discussions on talent AI between you and Ambar have technically already started. Mondays and Wednesdays you meet at 6am Pacific. How long are these meetings typically? So the good thing is the timing, bad thing is timing for PST, but the good thing is for him, for timing, he's still, it's not super late for him. So he has his teammates, ours usually go for a minimum an hour, but sometimes even longer than that. If we have free space on the calendar, unless his kids come in and say, dad, get off the computer, I give him all the time that he wants. So I try to do that for him. And, you know, in the meantime, he is actively trying things. So I can definitely say, you know, he's really, you know, taking this in stride. And I think he's enjoying, you know, this new side of the world too. But yes, so at least an hour on those days, usually over that by half an hour. Okay. Okay. So generally one hour plus minus 30, depending on the scenario, right? That's it. Great. I would love to join you at least for one of those sessions next week with you traveling and everything. Do you think you guys are going to meet on Monday or add me in as optional for now if possible on those sessions? Do you hold the invite or is it under? I think I think it's him but let me just ask him what I'll do is I'll confirm if he has time because I know for him it'll be like one of those later sessions again even if I try to meet him like you know 8 or 9 am Pacific But let me just confirm that he'll be able to meet. Only for next week. Yes, of course. I think for this week you've already met, right? And probably, is there any plan to meet tomorrow or Friday? Not as of right now. I think we've been, we talk now just in teams. We send things back and forth. Like bigger documents, not just small chats. Basically, he'll try things out from the last session, any roadblocks he runs into or any questions I answer kind of in the chat and keep the documents for him. So no plans for tomorrow or Friday, and I think Friday's an optional holiday as well. Oh, okay, okay, and then Monday you're traveling, so let me just send out a short reminder in there as well in terms of, you know, maybe we'll have to schedule for next week slightly differently, right? Yes. Probably the number already had that in mind. Okay, that sounds good as well. Anything else, Colin? Because I'll have to let you go. It's already been, you know, 45 minutes, maybe more since we started. So, anything else you need my help on Colin? Not at this moment, sir. I'll go to my site. Okay, yeah. Anything else from your site to this site? No, no, no, no. All good. Okay, all right. So... I'm eagerly looking forward to meeting with you again, and most likely, you know, it'll be Tuesday. If you have booked your tickets, are you in the office Monday as well, or will you be coming in on Tuesday for the Sephora meeting? So I'll be in, I think I'll get there like Monday night. Okay. And then Tuesday, I'll be in the office bright and early, but Tuesday will be my first day in the office. Oh, wonderful. And I'll be in the office. I should be in the office on Tuesday, Nakharnvat, you know, and as per card plans. And we'll get to speak then. Take care, Colin. Thank you so much. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Take care. Bye.