So how do you want to structure it, Jesse? Do you want to go ahead? Obviously, we'll start with the introduction. So a couple of stakeholders will be meeting for the first time. But do we have any other draft on how it should go? Yes, so aside from the introduction, the idea is basically to be discoverable. So going into each background, we want to hear from Travis first about the scope of the project.  what he's really looking for and we can ask questions alongside him in that regard. And then, yeah, do you have the document pulled up? I don't see it all up, yes. Was it shared on the chat or different? I just sent it to you. I'll put it in here as well. I sent it to your team. Oh, if you can share it on the phone, so yeah. Yeah. There you go.  If this is the same one, Jesse, that you're talking about. Yeah, the one that you had shared with me, I've been driving, so I haven't been able to go through it, but... Hello. I did briefly. I have a meeting in the meeting. Yeah. Hello? So, I did those two docs, so there's... So, one of them is just the technical background for what I can find for what Woven already does.  And I think there's good and bad in there, too. I think the bad is that they have a very well-established practice. It's not like they're doing this for the first time at all. They already have giant partners that they've engaged with publicly. That's probably the biggest thing. The good news is, though, where people say that stuff publicly doesn't always mean the same. I mean, the fact that there's even a self-conversation means that there's a little bit less there going on than you might expect.  That's not uncommon at all. Typically, people do things publicly. Even just the dollar amounts that they're claiming aren't that big. I mean, it sounds big, but they have $2.2 million savings. Just the levels of this, that's a whole automotive industry with a massive scale. I mean, we had projects that were coherent. We had projects that were each $16 million. It's like rookie numbers here for the scope of the company that they're at, frankly.  and the partners they're engaging. They're probably spending way more than they're saving with this. Or maybe they're spending so much that that's where that number is kind of low. So long story short, they're developed, they're mature, but at the same time, they're not that mature that there's not room, from what I can tell.  The problem that I could see is realistically, are they even looking for this? Because if they're just cell based and they just want to do like head count, like if they know their problem and they're not really looking for much more beyond that, that's it. The other thing is that I was doing kind of some beep dive in people's, like who are the other people were here. And I think there's someone else that actually might be in charge of their AI stuff that's not a part of this yet.  So it's like, is this person, Travis, is he the right person? Is he able to make that call no matter what? But I will figure that out today. Everyone wants to do this stuff, so that's at least a positive. But really, the more they talk, the better we are. So it's like gold drops in a jar. The more they're talking, the better information we can have, so we can really come with them later.  Yeah, thanks for doing the background. Yeah, I was going to say from our experience, at least with the teams that we've worked with, they're very flexible, at least an open to suggestion, right? So throughout the partnership, we've actually been able to suggest many different avenues to use to make things easier. And I'm keeping it general because it goes across procurement and it goes across  the ADAS team, the Irene team, and I know that since we're a preferred partner, they do value our inputs in many different ways. So yeah, I don't think it's gonna be too rigid, but we can go in there with a general idea, right? But yeah, like you mentioned, the idea would be to understand if they're just looking for about three headcount with part of the SOW,  And then once we go into that, maybe some clarifying questions on, like you mentioned, like human and AI, doing the triaging work to make it a bit more sped up, things along that nature, Colin. And then understanding if you, Travis would also be the one to just say yes, yeah, like the EBI webpad.  Right right and it'll be kind of important and kind of telling to see like what they're doing right now Because like the only thing is that they might have because they they do process a ton of data So from what I can tell it really matters what kind of data they're talking about It's like more money more problems kind of thing so more data less problems That's actually the way it goes the more data team handles generally speaking the better off they are the more efficient they are  So if he's on the team that's handling the LIDAR stuff and some other things, then yeah, we're stuck. They probably have nothing more than staffing gear. But if they're doing things with cameras, if they're doing things with GPS data or any of the actual vehicle signals, that's a better thing. That would not have as well defined of a workflow because it's actually less data throughput. So that's good.  They do have a though just so you know, they do already have a product This is where it gets confusing for me and it's it's been a lot of fun for me for a big one for this purpose because What people say and what people have are very different things. Oh I think they lost you. Yeah, man. Oh, I can hear you. Okay, I think this agent and they behave in traffic or something. Yeah, I think I found it.  Oh, I can't hear that. Yes, yes. I think the network is not that great here in the lobby. So I think you have a clarity to make sure you have everything you need for this meeting, right? Yes. And the big thing is that they do have  So at least on paper, they do have already a human-in-the-loop triage system with Gen AI plus human-in-the-loop. That's a different team altogether, so maybe that's what's going on. Like, maybe it's just not this guy's team. But they already have white papers out and things on LinkedIn, but they have something called auto triage that they built in-house. It's this person, Suigin Koide,  I can put his name in the chat. I'd never seen this before, but it's at the very bottom of that situational context document. So the one that starts with the words, who woken by Toyota is. Sure. And I think largely what we at least are trying to get out of meeting is the understanding itself. Yes. Yes. In detail.  The whole is not to present anything around the solution yet. Just log, understand, capture, and then come up with, maybe it's a PNM, give itself as you said, right? Like we'll find out more. And at least we have some understanding to ask the right questions and to talk in the right direction. Yeah, sure, sure, sure. Okay, all right. So anything, any other thoughts?  I think hopefully Jesse gets there with you and everything like that. Yeah, she should be here about like five, 10 minutes I'm assuming, but I will be late and then yeah, I'll again go through these notes. Thank you so much for sharing these and at least it will send the contacts and then we can continue to have the probing conversation, right? So they already have a problem statement. That's why we have the three folks that are needed.  but ideas to explore if it can be a statement of work or it can be purely a solution and discover that and then we can tell them we'll get that to you once we have more information. Yeah, sounds good. Sounds good. All right. Sounds good. You have the Google link and everything else, right? Yes, let me triple check this just for no surprises. It's always the same.  All right. Yep. Looks good. Looks good. I have. That looks good. All right. Okay. I'll see you soon.