That could be completely wrong.
But at least maybe that'll be a good starting place for us.
So what I understand so far is that Sephora is right now undertaking a three year EDW project to migrate from some legacy on-prem, but very developed infrastructure over 2 data bricks, which also includes, of course, the reporting side of the house.
And all of your reports right now are a combination of things like cognose, as well as having some SSAS cubes available to, of course, the business users.
And those are going to be migrated over to something like Hotspot and tablet.
And there's pipelines that also need to be migrated, something from data stage, over to more data breaks, pipelines, either natively or maybe something else.
Some cognos being retained as well because that transition happens slowly. while the day delay is being marked.
And there's probably something there, as well, with a semantic layer that needs to be created and formed.
And some of the pain points, I believe, are that number one, doing that migration as a whole, is a huge amount of scale to tackle.
I believe there's a whole lot of reports from what I said. as well as all the data pipelines, making sure that all of that organizational knowledge isn't lost.
All that logic isn't lost in this existing reports.
And then it's a smooth transition.
Using AI to do that to help accelerate this, give a little bit more cushion to that timeline, as well as keeping things on track.
Another thing is, of course, the satin model.
So being able to staff for this, to help supplement the team in order to be effective here.
Those are the very high level overview, not going into any detail intentionally here, just want to make sure I'm on the right track so far.
You're right.
You'll know that summarized it very well on here.
I think you understood it very well.
Not everything is being translated to capital.
And this is not a migration initiative.
This is completely re- engineering initiator.
That's one thing that we are making very clear, and that's why you are not calling this migration. as modernization.
It's because if it is migrated and it's look and shift or it's moving the data from here to there or it is moving something from here from one place to another place.
But in this particular context, it's not just migration.
We have to re-engineer that.
We have to re-engineer and rewire close things.
In some cases, like all most cases, we are trying to retain the front end of it, which is, if it is a compost, it will run.
Remind in cognose.
There is a desire to move to talkspot or tableau, but that's not something that we are pursuing.
So right, like the change management is not it's not so resistant.
That's why you're like canning this.
But otherwise, yes, you're right.
All other things you capture very well.
Okay, this is good.
That's a good start.
So maybe with that, you know, I would have a couple of questions for you.
I have a couple of ideas as well, but some of the things, of course, I'm coming from the AI side of the house, but maybe a little bit of background about me, because it's, my role has not always just been about AI.
So my prior organization was about 40,000 employees, about 16000000 annual revenue.
And we had AI right next to BI.
So those lived in the same house, under the same roof, and under mine and my supervisor's leadership at that time, I used the CIA for the company.
And what had happened was we realized early on AI and BI need the same data.
Same source of truth for everything leads to people calling us a little bit less on a Saturday saying, hey, my report doesn't agree with someone else's search work.
Yeah.
So we undertook the same type of effort, not to date bricks, but this was actually to sniffing.
So similar exact same type of effort, instead of what you have for IBM cognos, we have instead for SSAS, SSRS, very legacy reporting services.
But very familiar to all the business users.
And the fact was it was working.
That was always the trick, because the business users, they don't quite care as much about everything that we do.
They just want their things to not break.
They don't want to lose any capability that they have in the meantime finish.
But definitely moving from on prime infrastructure up to cloud infrastructure, as well as making sure that we're taking advantage of that fully.
And having good robust data pipelines that can support other things too.
Is that.
But like you said, keeping the interface is the same as a challenge.
We're too often, sometimes too often, especially in the AI while we're too tempted to totally redo everything.
But sometimes it's not good, but certainly on the architecture side, that is probably where my 1st question is, which is, is that an area that is also desired beyond what I can talk to you about further?
If that's a desire from a high level architecture, data engineering perspective, is that something you're looking for?
Assistance with a partner with or is that something that is fairly well handled today and intern?
Your question is in the respect of the data engineering part or the front and where, which one?
This is with respect to, as you say, they're totally reengineered the system for the groundup.
Keep the front end of your partners.
That part of the work, is that already well established or is that something that you're also interested in some assistance with?
I wouldn't say, like, it's yes or no.
Why I say there is another, uh, this very talkative issue outside, um, There are 1000s of reports in that area.
Now, we will not be able to change everything upon shot.
So we are approaching a track, right, right?
And category by category.
For we have figured out the 3 to 4 different categories of tracks.
Um, support of being a retailer, finance, supply chain, merchandising, like that actually, we have so many different tracks of categories.
Finance is the 1st thing that we have taken.
So within finance, if you ask me, yes, we'll figure out.
And we, at the same time, actually, also has established certain architectural patterns.
We are still exploring certain tools, what food we can actually we can use.
If it is, we know the target, because targeted data breaks.
We know the souls.
Now, there are accelerators, available, some data bricks that source, and partners of data bricks have also given certain accelerators.
Now, we here, here, like, in Sapura, the whole team has to, like, figure out, which accelerated to it is going to be the best fit for one case.
Someone wouldn't, with respect to problems.
Somehow go with respect to CPO server, and someone was good to just get to the code analysis.
Like, I think that each 2 has set a strength.
Now, the team is assessing, or if they have assessed, the last couple of months, which particular tool is good and forward, and the pattern has been established.
After that pattern, for example, like length.
Like flow is something that we have already started.
Okay, great.
And then, within a specific category, for six, I said, right, finance, finance category, like we have figured out.
Yes, what reports, how many reports, like, uh, what reports of the sunset, what reports have to do, exactly, re engineer.
Those things are not being figured out.
But if you ask me, like, uh, some other like merchandising reports would not come to that forth yet.
So that will be the next place.
If you will take your take, we have a road facts.
And then, like, we will take carbon bed category, and then when we come to that category, we might just go about the game.
You don't know, when we know that a general idea, and this team has been working on this, what they, this team is the best team actually that we can have because they think working on, they know the, they know the reports,
they know in and out for the, they're they only know the last like three, four, five, 6 years.
Some people are there for more than 5 years.
So, I'm very dish about how most like, like, we call it a legacy, but I feel, I don't say, right, not, like, the same as they have specialized spray and the tools.
So this team is looking at everything like that road back.
So road map is kind of like dumb.
How which category comes first?
Which caraway comes next? which car away from third? that part actually like has been figured.
That's why I said it.
At the final, overall, modernization.
Yes, that is kind of done there.
And then they already have another 3 tracks that we have taken, those 3 tracks are also like weird here.
Those, those tracks that we have not taken, so there are three ways, you know, we don't know what we do.
When we come to that, they will again, like, go into the more details.
But the architectural factor is not going to change.
Those parts are very well established.
They'll apply those patterns and tell you that to put that particular player because merchandising, then they take on that for merchandise.
The trailer that for supply.
The trailer that attains the stores.
Like that is really beautiful.
So that's where I feel like that's where we are, right?
It's a good place to be.
That's a good place.
Yes, it is a good place to be, lots of efforts have gone.
The last 3 months.
Like deep efforts have gone on.
We have like a, like we have a like table, we have important, like a subject migrants, but to have a seat at the table, like say, data breaks has a seat at the table.
Microsoft has seized the table.
Data platform has a seat at the table.
Like they're actually like, we have the table, we have important like stakeholders everywhere.
This team together, regardless where they come from, doesn't matter.
But this is the poor team.
This team establishes what's right to do, how to do it.
So, actually, that's great because that's one of the most beautiful parts, especially getting everyone at the table. is even identifying those people, that it's an effort in and of its substance.
So I've lived that, I can appreciate that.
So maybe my next question would be, what about from a semantic life perspective?
Is that something that is also well established at this point, where there's common data definitions across the organization?
I know, even with that many reports, and sometimes things can drift a little bit, let's say.
Okay.
Semantically, we need to check with the issue on this.
Um, yeah, that is a little bit of cool details about like how this getting executed.
Semanticly in my view, we are not going to address that everything as a one shot and then later.
It's virtually an ongoing effort.
And we are not going to go to, you know, what is end too much effort in having common definitions, common criminology.
Even tri, I'll test, you know, it.
But if that kind of slows down our work in this, then we will not adjust that.
That's kind of interesting.
We have to keep training progress.
That's important.
It's good to have a semantic layer.
So if that somebody player, if slowing us down, then we go just go ahead and put the engineering implementation.
That's what I feel like.
I would say from my point of view, there is she, of course, I can see differently.
But if I would let bird design these things.
If she feels she's good to define the layer and actually like the physical parts of the semantic layer, what exactly has to go into those things?
If she feels confident that she can do this and she can beg substitute it and even if it slows down.
Else, I'd probably make that.
Okay.
Yeah, that makes sense.
That makes sense.
And I know, especially for these large projects, if you hear the stumbling stone, that tends to really slow things down.
It's easy to lose momentum.
Okay, exactly.
Yeah, that's exactly where people get carried away.
People get, like, something into a platform and they will get too much into defining that versus losing the visibility of the outside layer.
That's why people like to move like palace.
I think actually like Terti and Andrew would be good to do it.
They have the right people to do that.
That's great.
That's great.
So I'll, I promise I'll lunch in my AI set of things.
The final question I would have is any existing AI tools or initiatives that are helping to accelerate this for you today?
Anything that's already going on?
I can't promise that my slides will change based upon what you say, but just a question.
Definitely, like, the team is using AI to accelerate.
What exact tools they're using?
Like, it's a tip tools that they use, like, and also, like, low is Australia, and other tools that they are using.
Uh, Those 2 are really something that comes to my, uh, my head right now.
More details education might have already told you.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, that's great.
Is that's something, especially for that semi declare.
That would be our what I'll show here right now.
I think that is definitely a good opportunity because it can give you an opportunity to iterate quickly, so that you don't get caught up with it, because one thing that is very strong with semantic layer, especially if you're a company that's prioritizing magentic workflows.
And that's part of the whole strategy for AI company.
I don't know that.
If it is, semantic is very powerful in that way.
If you can achieve that without, as you said, stumbling everything else along the way and losing that momentum and getting off track.
It's very powerful because then you can start to even roll out agentic features side by side with this monitoring decision.
Okay, so I, let me, I would do a little quick.
Can you show my screen?
Sure.
And then this is just something quick.
So I'm intentionally staying fairly high level with this.
This is our 1st meeting, so I didn't want to go too crazy or make too many assumptions.
Okay, one moment.
Okay.
And as I said, you'll have to forgive me.
I made these before we got to, uh, have some questions.
So, if I, looks like we're moving from cognosis to data breaks migrations too strongly in this, forgive me.
That's okay.
All right.
So, AI assisted, EDW.
So right now, this is a challenge.
There's a lot of reports for you.
KPIs, making sure those common definitions are withheld in the new system is one.
Also taking all these disparate systems and putting them onto one place is certainly another challenge too.
I don't want to say legacy in the sense that it's updated, but legacy in the sense that it's been around for a long time.
Those systems also have a lot of tribal knowledge buried in them in each layer.
So, like you said, having great SMEs that really, truly live and breathe those reports.
Understand all the nuance is so important for this.
But it also takes a lot of time, and those people tend to be quite valuable for other work as well.
So, doing things for part 5 before it tends to be quite slow.
And the map in validation takes time.
I will never disagree that there's always a human touch that needs to be there to make sure that we're staying on track.
But it still doesn't change that it is.
So, where AI can find this, there's a few places, and this is gonna be a combination of things that we can use for the database.
More traditional ML based approaches, but also some the nice agentic features that the organization might be looking at, if that's something of interest.
Then we could go with your team with respect.
So one is something that can help save a lot of people, which is pattern detection, clustering.
So looking across reports, a lot of reports, especially when you did, tend to have a lot of process.
And that does allow for patterns to be extracted and to be found in those reports so that you can then pass it to human, so that the human is essentially looking at multiple things at once.
They're not having to review the court by report anymore.
They can do this more in aggregate fashion.
The trip to that is actually not to do it, period, right?
This is a, I'm more of a hybrid work there where we're using more traditional, just algorithmic techniques combined with JNM, to present the information to decimal.
So this makes their life a lot easier because they have less information over them, less cognitive load on them as well, as they're going through these different reports.
It's great already to have different tracks, like you said.
I can already reduce that code.
Things are so different across the board at any time.
But even within one track, it's still a lot to think about.
And sometimes things get messed over kind of you go with the 80%, you miss the 20%.
So add a detection of clustering that helps you to actually go and look at more of a template-based approach to these reports.
If they're going to be migrated, that's one thing.
But even the patterns inside of them.
So all of the data pipeline work, you follow this in.
So, as I said, this is, I know this sounds like cognosis.
I'm talking about, but the exact same approach works for data pipelines as well. for moving into that structure.
So, the next, of course, is looking at the actual code.
That's a new surface.
So, promise having sequel married with him.
That's okay.
But that also includes a lot of business logic.
That is a lot to do.
And you do need an SME, but sometimes the SME has a very competitive sense.
It's kind of like you always have to be the last person to sign off on it.
But at the same time, there's a lot of work for you.
So to surface that in business logic, to bug those dependency maps, to show all these reports, even who are users for workplace, or what information are they sharing?
Could these be consolidated and wrong?
Do we have multiple reports just because maybe there's not a proper hardback on the earthquake?
That type of consolidation came up to reduce that skateboard.
Maybe, so the timeline there, by simply trimming things off, it would truly not be it, but still leaving my decision not too messy.
So not using AI to do that without human intervention, but just suggesting for a different significance to these things.
And glass is probably the biggest time saver, which is on the automated mapping valuation.
So things are validation heavy because even with AI in the picture, you still have to validate.
You can't just turn the eye loose as much as we'd like to sometimes.
It doesn't work.
So this helps to reduce the liquid because we're using more deterministic systems, higher liability patterns to do this rather than just saying, uh, hey, ChatGPT is like this report, and compared to this, and that between them, and give you some files and outfit.
We're going a lot deeper than that, so that we can actually go to system around this to go and have a pattern, just like you said, take those same workplace and make sure this well-defined pattern is reused and reinforced across them.
I don't want to say migration, but modern musician.
Some things are the risk, those things could be done.
Uh, automatically in some cases, but that is, again, not to the human to the side.
That is a matter of fact.
That certainly depends in my mind, recording topic, but some of those are far more high risk than others. if you were to eat that time.
So it's easier just for some initial ideas for us.
Now, of course, this isn't covering anything around the actual work that you're gonna have to do.
Because when you do have on the team, is a fairly capable, uh, really trust, assist you, assisting team.
I'm happy to do things up, even offload, some of that work.
The best news are currently doing, or they might have local teams doing, because I know myself, the unfortunate realities, during modernization, you still have to have the reports right, and you might have new reports coming, or old reports that need to be fixed in the meantime.
So sometimes it's a struggle internally to tackle all of that because now the bench is getting a little bit light on people that are actually able to supplement that work and do it, but also keep up with the data work.
So we can definitely help from our aspect as well.
Both from this perspective, staffing, but also even just as a president.
So this is us transition one to the partner's ways, the resolutions oriented space with you alongside this.
So, there are a few things that you could do to start if we had an interest in this.
One would be a pilot, especially finance is the 1st track, and finance is already well defined.
This could be something where we look at reports for finance.
Or if there's any of those tracks that you said you hadn't started yet, this one also be a good target.
Anything that's well defined for us.
So we can start to run these same patterns from.
This would be a good place because you already know if the finance set shift is already complete.
You already know that that works.
So this gives you the way to prove what we're talking about out.
Can we achieve the same as you got with a manual approach?
Do we have parity?
And if that's true, then you can extend this down to the main kind of process.
So if a map from, um, then, fill me for the foundation, uh, here.
Thank you.
You can send a methodology on to things for them.
So something as your people, as a process for the team, have to reduce that competitively.
This also helps for expiration.
So as you said, you can go and surface new things.
It always tends to come out, especially when you get done to really high power local teams.
Everyone's got, of course, you've never even someone's heard of before.
But this is where you standardize that process and make sure that this is not there for database.
Now, the last part of this that I won't kind of go ad hoc to you from. is that the actual migration itself, we can help it to.
So, the actual modernization effort, to me, is a pythons, that is definitely good, but we have 8 bodies, that's an, of interest, you know, even from a plane, um, and sociology, actually pretty much done.
But if there's any way, any places where there's been plants remaining there, they'd love to know about them, so you can give you something more substantial than this, of course, that's right in public.
Like, of course, I did this based upon a little that I need.
So hopefully you can see that.
I can possibly agree for so much.
No, so if you're always, uh, approach, all looks good.
This is exactly what the thing is right now approaching my progressing.
Finance is the 1st thing that you have taken.
Um, I'm trying to understand what is the value or unique thing that you want to present here.
So, the only thing I say is students.
I remember one of the experience.
So have you done this before?
We know the pin points.
We know where things look cut out.
We also know, like you said, the balance is tough to find.
And sometimes it does exist internally.
But unfortunately, if it's on internal, that does take people with you.
So that experience is something that a lot of people have not lived through.
So we can definitely bring back to the table.
I'm sure that we've done this.
The next is I'm maybe, yeah.
I think what we can do differently than most is we can work with 2 teams.
Because the UAI is as a body strategy.
So you don't want to do things, and some of your products will be kind of in a salad for the most few of the musicians.
So if there's already ongoing initials at the company, what we can do, even with these arrive assisted items, we can work with them outside.
We can go that to integrate with that for them so that this becomes kind of a unified platform for you. you're not creating silence while you're trying to solve a modernization.
So it's okay, so you know...
Are you more type of proposing that you can take the specific value or you can follow it?
Yes. that's right.
Okay.
Um, But you've done something similar to this, I do have any case studies or examples?
Yes, yes, absolutely.
So let me send this over here.
I can send my servers soon as well.
Okay.
So also...
Or if you have, I don't know, man, if you're short on, if you have an extra 5 minutes, we can show you right now if you do, do we have room?
So I have to...
Okay, got it, got it. okay, okay.
All right.
Yeah, well, yeah, we, um, yeah.
We'll get them over to you.
I actually overlooked our calendar too.
I should have looked at mine, but yeah.
But we'll send them to you.
He'll send us over.
I'll send over to you.
So, we have one from, so, pattern, one from, pattern.
So if a pattern, I like to share that one because that is more architecture, I would say.
Sounds like gives a lot more freedom in that way than Lutherburst does, which is both a benefit and a curse.
But it's a good thing to see our approach too.
From the database side, building the custom connectors and helping to do that is a great one.
So we can check that as well.
Okay. sounds good.
And then In your experience, I feel like...
Oh, I feel too, a specific category, by a certain level of telephone is a person, I'm sure.
It's that person, actually.
Um, you take a so specific example with certain assumptions. approximately I will do the past.
So cost rice would depend upon the script of it and then the back seat.
The good thing is that it says, it sounds like everything is, you know, in progress to marry the database or on time.
That, for us, is going to be a little bit simple to do because it's already stopped feel comfortable with.
So that can help to make that more reasonable.
I think we can share that as well.
So for something that you want to be up to your seat, I think that that viewpoint, I know what are I using asking me for a piece of work that those shows are people...
I mean, it's only been a couple of years, but you know, I'll take it.
No, than ever before.
It only took Colin for him to show up, but yeah.
Yes, I have been asking.
Yes, so I was only thinking, that's the, you know, one I was connected, and see, you can convert a specific number in this case.
Um, how do you serve assumptions?
What would be the past?
That is interesting.
I'll be like, see.
That's where you can like be.
Uh, obviously, a history, sort of that establishes some complex in, like, yes, you guys have tourists, one.
Second is, a financial proposal of what would, what does it do?
Now, while I do that, Is there any particular trap you might have?
So in my finances one, that you have?
Are there any others that would be, is what I'd love to do, is if this is double value free, you know, for finance is already well understood.
Is there one that we can do that might be a pinpoint now that might do some extra value?
Mm, finance has already progressed, like, to find business there's a movie another, uh, 20 for the days.
So that's kind of like it was almost done.
Really, there's so many different categories.
Um...
Supplanting could be one thing, but it's going through my mind.
Um, yeah, sometimes someone mentioned merchandise, because it's students.
We, you guys, uh, check out crazy.
Uh, this part of the, uh, the, she, she, uh, she, I think.
And also, like, with Michael, also, with a running back, you know, as a proposal.
Any couple of, like, come up with some options, I would say.
One option is for you to take it entirely. 2nd or same piece to work out the architecture and design everything together, I suppose, actually, like, the ways are, I say, like, there's a table, like, people coming to Japan, like, there are people from here, there's, like, people can have a platform.
There are people from school engineering team.
So people coming from different angles and places.
So, the architectural design is kind of like done by the clean, and then you can take your implementation.
Probably there's some actions, uh, that I feel like definitely good, uh, point to this person, see where, where you are going, and.
Maybe one last question.
So from the proposal standpoint, I can give you maybe 2 different types of proposals, you can continue, which are.
One is to build your confidence because I know we're new to you in this weather, of course.
So I recognize you, but I hope you found him, but at the same time, I want to be able to climb a hill and give you some confidence.
So if there's something smaller that would be still useful to you, then we could do to start, even if that's at process.
Yes, it'd be interesting then.
And if there's a bigger scope as well, we can we can address that.
But I wanted to see if we were going to see.
Yeah, but that's what I was doing next.
Okay.
I would love seeing that with what kind of like investment that you can do.
Uh, together, confidence, one, not at least, it's just a conflict, but it's never initiated what kind of investment that you guys can do.
So if you can bring that point of view also in the proposal, that would be good.
Absolutely.
And then money, as I mentioned, Collins here till next week.
Um, we'll put something together.
If you want to do, depending on when you can get it done, no pressure.
But we can we're planning on coming there next week anyway.
If you want to go over the proposal in person, I can work with Chloe to do that. if that works for you, but I'll leave it up to you.
Next week is a short week.
Okay.
Oh, that's right.
Okay.
Yeah, and then Wednesday, we have a huge off site.
Oh, yeah.
We do too.
Thursday, yeah.
Oh, yeah, Thursday, we all allowed Jerkers, actually, like, really off.
So next week is not the good time.
Okay, the week after.
Yeah, maybe we can do it after.
Okay, okay.
And I would like to come and go and go see that meeting.
I was going to say, get to get the 1st time view from view and there you can also have some feedback in inputs.
That sounds good.
That is grand media, but quite a few lots of really takes some time to come up with it, to build this, to bring a structure to this, and then we can, we nurture what the that's fun, as well.
Awesome, sounds good.
Sounds good.
So, I'm based on Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
So much snowier counterpart to the area.
Okay.
Like, we will have somebody here local.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, frequently.
So I'll meet you where you didn't get it.
So if you prefer remote, I can be remote.
If you would like in person, I like enjoying the sunny weather.
Yeah, we're true move him here.
We are money.
We're having a lot of great conversations at Cisco too.
That's part of the reason we had brought Colin in and a lot of what you're doing is similar.
So his intent is he's going to be building out his team.
But between me and Neha, you will physically have some presence there consistently every week.
Yes. absolutely.
Yes.
You can have that in person that case now, you would be there.
Yes.
And also like in the model, kind of a different model, you need some flexibility also.
So, I'm not sure if that's right.
We, even if we go like a staff or, um, not everybody wants like full-time.
And we can bring in like people for a couple of hours to go, you know, we have it's very flexible, more of it.
So I would love if you're going to those options.
See what kind of flexibility that you can have.
So let me see that we do 3 options.
Don't over wellness. like 7 options, that would be too much.
Maybe just restricted to maybe do 3 options.
And then maybe like one type of way would go for the option, another category for another option.
Uh, And then actually, like, what kind of rain doesn't that he can bring in?
Uh, drink of always could be...
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Cool, all right.
All right.
Thank you so much, money.
Thank you.
It was great to meet you.
Yes, yes, great to meet you.
Take care.
Thank you, take care.
It's okay.
You got it, baby.
God, it is such a good fucking day.
That was so good.
That, that, that slide was too minutes before.
Oh, no doubt.
That was that was so fucking...
