like looking forward to hear that too.
So one of the exciting things, money that we have been doing is we've opened up an AI practice and we hired a director of AI as well, who I do want to get you in front of sometime in the new year as well.
Okay.
Just like everybody in the world trying to figure out what they can do with the eye, how they can utilize that.
So, you know, we're trying to keep up with that.
So there are a couple of projects and opportunities that we've been engage with.
And I kind of wanted to get a better understanding from you, what your roadmap looks like for 2026.
What are some of the challenges that you are facing right now?
And I want to be able to take this back, you know, to our team, present that to them and see, you know, is there something that we can come in and help you with potentially?
So I know these conversations are ongoing, but that was mainly my purpose is just to understand what kind of projects are in the pipeline, the major ones.
Okay, yeah, sure.
I'd be happy to share you the list.
I don't have the exact like a list of like Project one Project to Project3 like that, but I can give you an idea of what idea of the initiatives and all that.
So, aora, now I'm responsible for all marketing and enterprisewide analytics.
So enterprisewide reports an analytics, that is something that, let's start from there, for example.
Enterprisewide reports is currently like handed by one central team, which is like my team at this time, but starting 2026 we're kind of democratizing that, which means data is already like kind of we start at the journey to democratize.
Now on top of data, reports is also getting democratized, which means my team will become a lean team, which is like a core like a reports like a platform report kind of a team.
But eventually like each individual domain engineering, whether it is stores or e-commerce or supply chain, these teams as they do their respective projects or handling their respective use cases, reports will be part of it.
So right now, that's how it should be, but the projects that news cases that have been executed this year and years before, like reports is kind of part of it, but whenever there is a report accused to come to mighty.
So now I're changing that.
Reports will be part of that those individual domain engineering use cases itself.
Because that's the right thing to do, because they know their business, they know their project, they do what that is, what they're doing.
Like report is just actually a reporting what they have done.
So it doesn't have to be done by another separate team.
So that's something that we are starting and it won't happen immediately,206, but that's a journey that we are starting with.
We are already starting the journey like in two, three, forms of experiment.
The first form of experiment, retail, you guys know, David, David's team is already taking reports, project for O and take some retail stores and all that.
But his full delivery will be taken by them.
My team, Andrew Ho and Grishi will be like as subject matter experts, that they will get involved if they need and where they need other than that, my team is establishing like a framework and governance and all that, like what's the right tool to use?
What's the right, like if they've implemented like this is like data is coming in correctly or not.
Those kinds of like kind of reviews and support is what trailer we doing.
Storesspec reports and all that, it is getting slowly by transitioned to David's team, but it will take approximately like an year or so to come to stability for that now on Rajesha's area, e-commerce, we are starting this with Omni side offered.
For example, where we already like received the orders, like being a retailer, we already received the orders and that order is getting like transition to stores for like same delivery or actually like by online pickup and store.
Those kinds of cases is where actually we are starting this first.
There, and the team of engineers will be reporting to Grishi.
Okay.
So Grishi will still be working with you, for example, to source the team members, to hire the engineers and all that.
But these people will be in just in or Radesh's spots.
They will be responsible for the project delivery.
Okay.
And in a long term, once we were going to see how this works and Nay, like, we're going to take those learnings for the first, like six months by around June, July next year, these like if this kind of like successfully works out, then these team members will be fully transitioned to Rajesha's org.
These engineers.
So that's how both are two different models in the first one that you saw, like David and Natalia will be the hiring managers.
So they will hire the resources.
Okay.
Butshi will be like in the interview panel.
Yeah.
Like they actually like what the right thing to do and all that.
But we will have like experts.
So those engineers will be consulting these experts in the second model, like Grishi will be the still the hiring manager, but they will be executing projects in Rajesha's area.
The third model is going to continue from what we have done this year and the last year.
It is for Kalyan's area of projects..
Supply chain, merchandising those areas.
It will con of the way we have done last year and here this year.
There is that both the delivery and hiring and an engineers will be in Gshi's responsibility.
Okay.
So once the first two morals are kind of like good and successful, then we will start doing the same thing for Kalan's area also.
Okay, okay.
So the reason for that one is actually, like, in Kalan's area, like, for supply chain merchandising, we still have legacy technologies.
And whereas actually like in for stores and.com, we are already like in the modern technology.
So the first two or actually like we are ready to do that.
Whereas actually like legacy technologies, it doesn't make sense to do that now.
So first thing is like now coming to a little bit about a 2026 project in the same reports area.
We're starting a big project called EDW Modernization.
Okay.
So this project is to move from all legacy technologies into modern technologies.
Okay.
So we're going to be re engineering all the reports that we have done over the past 15, 20 years.
So over the past 15, 20 years, we have heard about seven, like thousands of reports, basically.
Like, don't have an exact.
But basically like thousands of reports in the old legacy technologies, like IBM cognos and SECoserver, those kinds of technologies.
Now we are moving.
We have to reengineer all that into modern technology, with data bricks. and in some areas, it could be thoughtspot in some areas, it would be tableau.
But in some areas we will still continue with cognos, whereas only the data will be in the new data platform versus the old database.
So this one will be a three-year project, the first year is starting in 2026.
We already started, by the way.
That is something Grish and Androho might have already talked to you, Zara, I think.
We haven't talked specifically about what they're looking to do, but I've been engaged with them from a, you know, sourcing perspective.
Yeah, yeah..
So, this is one of the major projects undertakings that we will have for the next least couple of years.
We're trying to see right now the plan is already going till 2028.
Okay.
But we're trying to see how we can possibly do it in 2027 or maybe finish it off by early 2028.
So that is something that we are like still working on it because it's like thousands of reports.
It's like it's very old technologies.
So it is actually like quite a bit of work.
But we are hoping that tools like AI will come to help in to split this up.
So this is on the reports and reports dom mine.
So that is one part of the domain.
And then the second one now coming to marketing marketing is, again, there are several aspects in marketing.
Now, we are similar to what you guys have done.
Like we also have like a marketing AI focused task force.
This task force will be in the front front foot working and partnering with enterprise wide task for AI task force we have and then this team will be training all the other team members in my team for AI so that's how it can be structured that.
Within marketing like three major areas in Maor, the first one is top funnel, which is acquisition and retention area, which is like all advertisements that we are doing, like in the digital billboards or actually like TV ads or actually like digital marketing ads or actually ads in social media.
All that is is one is the first section of it.
It is kind of owned by now Ram.
By the way, I have kind of like restructured the team.
So Ram is reporting to me directly now.
Okay.
So Ram will be taken care of all that.
That includes the retention post-purchase area and all that.
So RAM is already like hiring several people, I think he might be in touch with you already for sourcing and hiring.
So that is one area of work and we are having several like, yes, major projects planned for next year, two major two important projects will be coming in top ten from Ram's area.
So far good?
Yeah.
Yeah, yes.
Okay.
Second one is influence and marketing and also like media marketing and also you can say like marketing AI.
So these are all now under Andrew Hope.
Okay.
So reporting is also under Karishi and Karishi is reporting to Andrew Ho.
So these are all contributions.
Yeah, Andrew H.
From Andrew H's perspective, there are actually like, yes, there are, again, like two, three projects in for next year.
Influencer marketing will be one of the main important strategic areas that will be looking into.
Third one is Rizwan.
Rizwan is owning CRM customer relationship management and personalization, marketing personalization.
So previously what I used to do personalization is now split into two.
Okay.
What does a marketing personalization?
They're the one with the digital personalization.
So digital personalization has moved under radesh.
Marketing personalization has moved to me.
So under marketing personalization, we are kind of like unifying that with orchestration that is like we used to do journey-based for example since I hope actually like you both purchase from Sephora.
Oh my God.
Okay.
So you can relate to it.
Say, for example, you are becoming you' signing up for loyalty members.
So you're signing up so that there will be a welcome email coming to you first.
Starting from there, like if you have actually like done a purchase, then actually there will be one kind of like a branched journey.
If you have not done a purchase after becoming a member, there will be another type of journey.
So like that actually there will be like imagine like an Eels conditions like and then if you have done this, then another branch will not be not done.
So it's a typical journey-based campaigns.
So all that is kind of that used to be under RAM this year.
Now we have moved it under Rizwan.
Rizwan is based out of Chicago, but the team is here, based in FSC.
They may not be here today, but they'll be in office tomorrow.
Does Rizwan report to S?
No, Rizwan reports to me.
Directly to you.
Okay, okay.
Correct.
So that's the third area of marketing orchestration, CRN, personalization, all that is under the third area now.
So that's about all area.
So marketing personalization is also one of the important projects for next year.
Okay., great.
In terms of.
Yeah, that's great.
Thank you for going over that money.
In terms of any use cases or business cases through this journey, you know, especially your EDW modernization, you know, we have AI practice with Colin, who's amazing.
He builds something for Wayo.
We've done a couple of POCs, which is love for you to have a chat with him, you know, because if you have any use cases that you want to solve through these projects and, you know, you talked about AI coming in, you know, we could, he's absolutely great and have gotten really good feedback.
So he just wanted to put that out there if you have the time, you know, any sort of things on your plate, you know, problem, statements, business cases.
Yeah, I would love to have, you know, make that happen.
Okay, yeah, sure.
Sure.
Since you have already been working with for a long time, you know the tech stack and all that.
Like that.
So if that person comes and with a little bit of Akshay like groundwork dumb, instead of actually like coming and like asking like, hey, what is this?
Like what are you what are you guys doing?
S of that actually to keep that person can come with like a groundwork, talking to the teams and all that and then coming with a certain a proposal, that would be great.
So that would be a very productive discussion.
Yeah, you mentioned that you're moving from sequel server cognos to data bricks, tableau, modernizing, Do you see any sort of, you know, business cases there where AI could come in?
And if you could give us some sort of, you know, information on that or discovery, then I can, you know, we can go back and put it on his plate and he can come up with a whole proposal.
Sure.
There's something that keeps you up at night.
You know, this guy's brilliant, so, you know, he he could come up with POCs and then we could, you know, come and we did something for Lamo where it took like three months to end for him to Kina.
There was an AI project. for Al 2.
For AO 2.
So Oh, I see.
Yes, yes.
Sure.
For example, take this part itself.
Moving from sequel server two da bricks.
So even if we do that, like right now, my team is still experimenting, partnering with data bricks saying like, what is the right tool to use?
If we go, let's say there are like ten reports, for example, if we go report by report, that actually like people it will take a long time for us.
So we are saying actually like, what would be an easier way, what would be the right way, like efficient way to do like this sort of going report by report, can we do something like maybe if we do this, we can finish off three reports at one shot.
We can report here, we can finish off like six reports at one shot, so we can expedite the delivery.
So that is one thing I'll say that we are looking at one.
Yeah, we can definitely take that back to him.
Sure.
Yes.
And then number two is, like, D bricks is already coming up with like, like AI oriented tools.
For example, cognos, let's say, not going like case by case, but just actually like at a a very high level picture voice.
If you look at Kobos, there are actually like 15, 20 years back, actually like something might have been implemented.
So the quans are actually like very deep inside the code.
We can't feel like if we if we have like a manually, like if somebody has to go through that, it will take years for us to even finish this.
Forget like the starting, but the finish it actually like it will take a long time.
So those things actually like we are looking for AI to come and help to say, okay, look at the codepace, look at actually like things. see actually like come up with like AI would itself would kind of like proactively come and tell us.
Like these things are actually like, or something to watch out for.
This is actually like what you can take.
So that will like, at least like, you don't like it will tell us like where all actually like it will analyze the c base and then it say like, okay, this is these are all the places for us to mind for.
So these are some things actually that we are experimenting..
And we have also asked data bricks to come with recommendations.
So this is something that actually like you can take it back to that person and they can.
Yeah.
And they can come back with a proposal.
Like, what's.
So we are having like the mind-wise business area wise so many reports.
So for example, finances having certain reports. supply chain is having certain reports. store is having another set of reports.
So we are looking at actually like all that.
Yeah, it's all scattered and you're trying to retrieve it into one centralized area is what my understanding is.
Not one central area, but we are going like, that's why it is like right now the plan is like three year initiated because we are taking like department by department like, say we're taking finance department first and that's the first department we have taken.
But then finance department, we're not taking all the reports.
We then pronounce department business planning is something we are taking first. accounting we'll take later..
So like that, actually, like we' taking subdivisions and then actually we're going starting with that.
So what I'm understanding is like not to go one by one, something to just stop, you know, pulls out and is able to automate that process for you quickly, like an AI tool or RA or I don't know,
I'm not like technical that I have heard Colin and he did something that's like an employee portal, like an AI day.
So it's basically the tools that are available for way more employees that are AI tools, you know, to kind of you know, give them that education that this is available to you.
And, you know, so it's around that, it's more, you know, employees.
It's a portal for employees, a wayo finder.
So he's done that.
This is a little bit different, but I will take it to him and you know, he's really, really good with the eyes, you know, we call him, our AI genius.
And, you know, maybe we can come back with like a, you know, one Pager or you know, something for you to take a look at and then, you know, further meetings around it.
Yeah, sounds good..
And is there something that keeps you up at night as, you know, a VP with so many things on your plate, you know, related to AI, just, you know, let us know because this is our growing competency.
Okay, yeah, sounds good.
Yes.
Sure.
And then money last question, since there's been so many changes, I just want to make sure that I have this right in terms of the org structure.
So you have R, Andrew, and just your first line managers, David Frick and Rizwan.
Am I missing anyone else that's reporting to you?
Gashi.
I wish she reports to what's his name?ra?
Yeah, David David does not report to me.
Okay, that's right.
He peers.
Yeah, yeah.
Correct.
So David is taking care of stores So keep keeping them out.
But what others you mentioned, Andrew, Ram, and Rizwan.
Three people are direct reports.
Okay.
And Grishi reports to Andrew.
And who's the Nesh reporting to?
The Nesh Reports reported to Rajesh now.
Okay, okay, got it.
Okay.
This is very help.
So that we used to see, like Dineshia is taking care of digital personalization now, so that has moved to Rajesh, marketing personalization, Surya was like equal to Dinesh now.
So Surya is taking care of manager and Surya is reporting to Rizwan.
Okay, okay, okay, that's helpful.
Thank you.
And one last thing, money, and then I'll let you go.
There's two full stack developers that are on WIT team right now and they are nearhore.
We're looking for a home from them.
Satish has some interest, but he's trying to figure out budget.
Is there anyone either on your team or outside of your team that I can that you can think of that would be good for me to send their resumes to?
I'm I'd love tooth.
I mean, they're fantastic.
I would hold on to them if I could.
We did find Sithara a job back in, by the way.
She's going to be working for Alan, so I'm excited about that.
So we want to replicate those efforts.
Yeah.
And any higherring needs, your roadmap for hiring for next year, you know, let us know how we could help.
Yeah, hiring has already started.
Like they would have like all these three leaders whom I mentioned, like four leaders would have already been in touch with you by now.
Gre said.
Rizwan is not.
He's kind of ramping down, by the way.
But Rizwwan, he might actually open up some positions around the Q1 next year.
Okay.
L part of Q1 after February, March, he might come with certain positions, but right now he is not hiring, but the other three leaders, Rah, Andrew, and Grishio, all three of them are hiring.
So they might have already been in touch with you, yes.
Gurishi said she did have some.
We're working on those.
They went through hacker rank.
They actually, we finally got lucky.
We had a really good pipeline, but she said, right now that she's just trying to figure things out, she's temporarily put them on hold.
Andrew and I have been going back on an SOW, but I hadn't, you know, heard anything in terms of him.
I didn't head count, but I'll reach back out to him.
Sometimes it's not the thing that comes to your mind right away.
And then Ram has reached out a couple of times and I haven't heard from him in the last two months, so that's on me to follow up with him, but.
Yes, please follow up at Ram is just his travel to India today.
So he'll be back by 19th or so.
Okay.
So Gene of his are offshore or nearshore?
Well, is iron N?
Yeah.
He is hiring both Nearshore and offshore.
Near Shawshire, Okay, got it..
And are you guys also experiencing, like a change in the rates as well?
Yes.
Correct.
Yes.
That is going across the o.
Now, I'm this is what Ak have told my team leads.
I'm not worried about whether they are in the country or outside the country and all that.
Like, there are people who are in the country, but they are already in the near show rate.
So I'm totally fine with that.
So was actually like the rate is what actually like is coming to it.
For example, like even we have few people in the office who is coming from San Jose.
They are less than like 100 bucks an hour.
So they are actually like, so it's totally fine.
Like, and there are actually like, right now, what I'm observing is that some of the talent new talent hubs are emerging.
People who come from Oklahoma or Kansas City or actually they are working from Utah.
So these people are actually coming in near show rates.
So within personalization area, I itself like I'm seeing approximately four or five engineers in near show rates like around 75 from Kansas City, Oklahoma, Utah area.
I work like talent is also very good, like skillwise they are doing very good.
They are committed, I'm not seeing any double tipping, anything like people like they are working out very well.
Yeah, I think we' faced those moonlighting issues in India where people are double dipping triple dipping, not so much here and near shores.
So, like, what I'm hearing is you, you know, you're agnostic to the location as long as the rates are within that, you, rate parameter.
And there's no preference you'd be okay with anywhere in the country, even in Canada.
As long as they're in the past, yes, yes.
You definitely find better talent here and near shore because India is just like sometimes feels like bodies than actual problem solvers.
And there's such a churn.
So, yeah, I mean, we could definitely help here Canada.
And it's good to know that you're open to outside of the Bay Area anywhere in the country.
Yes, yes.
If it is coming to like, so 100 to 105 and above, they are actually like I to the team to be like they should be in the office.
If it is not, if the people are not in the office, then actually like, we cannot go with that rate anymore.
So that's what actually like now, when you talk to Andrew Ram Rizwan Grishi, like this is the message that you they will be also like...
Like, yeah, you..
Okay.
That's good to know.
Yeah.
That would be our Bible.
Yeah.
Because no one's giving us a asking us to come down and we can, obviously, right?
But we want to stay competitive.
So I was trying to figure out, what is that benchmark looking like?
Is it the one that used to be an on site 120 rate?
We should be targeting, you know, around 110 for senior level people, you know, so that gives us an idea of, as we're piping people, that that's what we should be, you know, mindful of.
And it sounds like you're saying that you have people that are here, but you're getting them at the neo rate at around, you know, 10 lesson, 105, yeah.
Yeah, if it is in office, then yes, it'll be actually like 105 to, that would be within thege.
But 120 is something that we are not going anymore.
Okay, okay.
And it will be definitely like from 105 to 115, depending on how experience they are.
And also one another thing is, like, we are coming up with completely like Agent decoding and AI and all those things.
So that's will be a new required skill set for these.
And so agentic AI, any specific tools that you have on the top of your head?
Because what we can start to do is also prepipeline.
If you have any skills buckets right now and you tell us Nean Zara, focus on these, we can go out and start to just preliminarily, you know, look in our talent pool to see who we can engage right away and just, you know,
create that talent pool for you and be ready, basically, when these come up. the analysis tool of what they're looking for.
Exactly..
Okay, Got it.
So then full start with AI could be like maybe like one of the pipeline that you can build.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah. full stack with AI.
Any specific tools that you have in the top of your head or just agent?
AI?
We can prepare like two kinds of profiles so that for which actually you can so one would be like full stack, the other one was like would be with like AI kind of like data processing.
So again, like that is something that we are kind of like also kind of like streaming.
Maybe actually we can send you the kind of like two two kinds of profiles that we'll be looking for, you can start building the pipeline.
That would be great.
Money in the reason I say is that we have a really good talent pool in India as well for AI because Collins's team sits in India.
And so these are really well vetted people and you had asked about some of our, you know, problem statements.
He's built a recruiting 2.0.
So in our business, you know, it's recruiting is a big use case for AI.
So a lot of things are automated and he's created that and he has a great team in India and also, we've done some projects for C school and the process of..
So we have a good pipeline.
They're in an understanding of AI.
I know you have to go.
But if you have anything around what you were trying to build and do, just let us know.
Like, give us the heads up and we don't mind, you know, preliminarily pipelining folks for you.
Okay
