Transcript
March 18, 2026, 3:27PM

Askari Sayed   2:10
Hi, Saurav. How are you?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   2:11
Hi, S Kavi. Yeah, I'm great. What about you?

Askari Sayed   2:14
Good, good, doing good.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   2:16
Good. Yeah. How was your week?

Askari Sayed   2:19
So far so busy.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   2:22
And I need progress on like the what do you call Katie you were giving in your last organization. How far along is that?

Askari Sayed   2:32
There are so many things are going on in the last organization currently actually right now what is going on now. So Altadeck is quietly disturbed correctly currently because of the all our shipments are struck in the different Middle East area.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   2:44
OK.

Askari Sayed   2:50
And what is?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   2:50
Oh.
Oh.

Askari Sayed   2:54
So we are, we are, we are facing a quite of a shortage of many crises are going on currently.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   3:00
Mhm.

Askari Sayed   3:01
We are dealing with that. It is the one part, but dealing the crisis is the another part now.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   3:02
I lose.
Mm-hmm. OK, so how does this looks like like on the back end of things like do you guys need to do something on change something on the their websites algorithm or something else?

Askari Sayed   3:19
No, no, no, no. Nothing website changes. It's all about procurement right now. If you don't have a coal, if you don't have a coal and Petco, we cannot run our plants only. If the plant go shut down, Ultra tech goes down.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   3:25
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah.

Askari Sayed   3:33
So we we our majorly business have happened around with the whole pet coke only imported US coal and imported pet coke.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   3:42
Mhm. Okay.

Askari Sayed   3:42
Yeah, a lot of crises are going on right now. We are just trying to do the firefighting every day.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   3:50
Well, best of luck. I hope this gets resolved soon like yeah.

Askari Sayed   3:53
Mhm.
It's not looking like it is going to be evolved soon because every every day there is something new is happening.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   4:02
Yeah, that's also.

Askari Sayed   4:02
In the situation, it's yeah, it doesn't seem like it is going to end before, like it is a long term now that is going to affect many people.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   4:15
Let's just see how everything turns out. Let's just hope it's for the better.

Askari Sayed   4:22
Lexi.
So we are, yeah, is this the same project of the CICD that one which you discussed with me?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   4:32
Nope. It should be the one for which I've shared the documents. No, I think it was something related to switch. Yep.

Askari Sayed   4:40
The one meeting.
The one which about regarding the Java files. Hi Colin, good morning.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   4:43
Thanks.
Yeah. Hi, Colin. Good morning.

Colin Moore   4:47
Everyone. Yes. Good evening. Good evening.
All right, well, first first real meeting together on this project. That's good.

Askari Sayed   4:56
Mhm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   5:00
Yeah.

Colin Moore   5:01
So I think for both of you, so just confirm this one for me. So Saurav, you've so just I that's go. I don't mean this in a bad way because you're going to have yours very soon. Saurav, you have at this point 2 computers, is that right? You have your Bay one and also your Cisco.

Askari Sayed   5:14
Yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   5:18
Yeah, yeah.

Colin Moore   5:19
OK. And then Askari, you are kind of the opposite. You have the Cisco computer, but I think the Bay One laptop is still being shipped to you.

Askari Sayed   5:26
Yeah, I I just got update from Vinayak that is so got shipped today.

Colin Moore   5:30
Awesome. Awesome. OK, well, good thing is I'll be able to talk through today because the important thing is for what we'll do for Cisco. In general, you know the first thing I'll say #1, welcome to both of you. So I chose this team very specifically. So the other two counterparts.
Parts that we don't have on today because they're still getting onboarded is Srikar as well as Namita and they'll be based in California. So this time will probably work best for everyone. So that's why I put it kind of later in the day because for them it'll be.

Askari Sayed   5:57
Hmm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   5:57
Mhm.

Colin Moore   6:10
You know, 9:30 in their morning, so they'll have enough time to get into the office and and get In Sync with us, but they'll they'll be in PST time zone for the project.

Askari Sayed   6:15
Yeah.
Hello.

Colin Moore   6:22
And so the the way that we'll run for this is whenever we start out, 'cause you know you, you two will have kind of a leg up on Namita and Srikar.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   6:22
It.

Colin Moore   6:32
Because you're you're starting on this much earlier. So I think Namita will probably she's she's having some issues with her H1B transfer. So most likely she'll be here definitely before the end of the month. But I don't have high hopes for next week to be honest. They keep telling me next week, but I don't, I don't believe it.

Askari Sayed   6:49
Mm.

Colin Moore   6:51
Um, it doesn't make sense. That stuff doesn't happen overnight, but Srikar definitely he will be here next week, so we'll get him in the loop.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   6:56
Mhm.

Askari Sayed   7:00
Hmm, what?

Colin Moore   7:02
So for this one, let me maybe first start out. I'm gonna, I'll give you kind of the the ground rules. They're pretty easy, they're pretty common sense, but I'll just share with you. And then kind of today, it's really just our first kind of session to understand exactly what's going on in detail.
At Cisco. So once we launch in, I don't have any meetings after this. I know it's going to be late for for the both of you, but if you want to continue, there's no restrictions to that. So if you have any questions, we have enough time and we'll always we're going to be meeting more regularly on this as well.

Askari Sayed   7:38
Yeah.

Colin Moore   7:39
So ground rules. Here is all I ask. What do Cisco work on Cisco hardware? That's ground rule #1. What that does and does not mean is that does not mean that if Cisco is dragging their feet on something that we cannot.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   7:48
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   7:55
Use our Bay one hardware to complete a task or to do some prototyping, but think of it as a one way door. Stuff can go onto your Cisco laptop, but stuff should not be coming off of your Cisco laptop onto your Bay one laptop.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   8:13
OK.

Colin Moore   8:14
So, so for instance, let's say like I know like even for Cisco, they are so slow at doing everything. So let's say that they can't give us cloud code access in a reasonable time frame.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   8:15
OK.

Colin Moore   8:25
We can definitely do, you know, development on the side. I have no problem with that. We're not trying to take their code. Frankly, I don't want it. So that's usually what they're concerned about. I just want to warn you both for Cisco when you're on the Cisco machine, any files that you send forward or backward.
Out of that laptop are gonna get looked at because we are a client to them. So if they see us sending you like big, big files full of source code, we're gonna get yelled at.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   8:56
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   8:56
But common sense happens for every work computer. But that does not mean we have to be super restricted, feeling ourselves. I don't want to have any blockers on our side. I will escalate everything as we need to.

Askari Sayed   9:07
Hmm.

Colin Moore   9:10
So that's number one. Number two is we will be interacting directly with Cisco.
So for the both of you, I definitely want to give you that opportunity. I I think you'll both really have some fun. You're working with some really, really good engineers on their team.
But so just feel free to be vocal and be active in all these conversations. You know, I don't need to be the only driver for them. You know, the way that I would think about yourself for the duration of this project is you're up here, you know. So it's cool because we're working with, you know, VP level people, you know, senior director level people at Cisco, but.
See yourself as their peer. You're the person that they're hiring to tell them what the heck to do because they don't know.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   9:55
Mm-hmm.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   10:06
Almost like and I'm, I say this kind of as a joke, but almost like how you might talk to your dad or someone that's like a father figure. You can have, you know, debates back and forth, but there's certain things that I would never say to my dad, and it's kind of the same as it goes for clients too.
So, you know, Srikar, not Srikar, excuse me, Srinivas, who's the director on Cisco's side, that's kind of going to be our main point of contact for this project. I will take no hold backs on arguing with him, but always do it respectfully. Always take him.
And understand he's in charge of his practice, so just give them that respect. Even if we don't agree, we can voice that, just do it in a constructively.
#3 and this is probably the biggest challenge is Cisco uses Webex for everything.
So with Webex, our job is tough because we'll still be Bay one employees. We still have to check things like Outlook and Teams, but Webex will be there for all the Cisco side communication.
So what we'll do as a team is I think it probably makes sense to have most of our group chats on Webex itself so we don't have to keep on switching back and forth between platforms. So even though I created the teams channel for us, I think yesterday, what I'll do as soon as everyone's accounts are set up.
I'll get all the Webex teams set up and then invite you both to it and we'll keep all of our Cisco communications on Webex.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   11:45
OK.

Colin Moore   11:46
So now that doesn't mean that we can't talk on teams. That just means that if it's something where we're trying to get organized and In Sync on Cisco, like we're trying to schedule meetings and stuff with the Cisco team, we'll do it on Webex itself internally. Whenever we meet, it'll always be on teams because that way we can set recordings up and do things like that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   12:06
Hm.
Yeah.

Colin Moore   12:09
Now last last rule is just one that I'll emphasize, even though I'm sure we already have it, which is that if you're having a problem or if you feel like you're getting behind, please tell me ASAP.
So for Cisco, they got a very late start with us to be honest. They I expected us to have started this project actually almost a full month ago at this point. Nothing to do with us at day one, but Cisco procurement dragged their feet for a month as procurement teams always do.
And then they've been delayed on getting out hardware as well. So what that means is that the first renewal date for our work is on April 30th.
So there's no way that we're going to get phase one done by April 30th. I can definitely say that. But at the same time, what we'll want to do is show progress and have a plan. And what I need to keep that plan on track from all of you is especially because we're really doing 3 totally different time zones now.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   12:54
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   13:09
Is just escalate early. As soon as you have an issue, as soon as you have a blocker, it's never bothering me. You know, client contracts, the way that they work for the most part is if you can prove yourself early on in the beginning, you will have a rock solid.
Relationship for the whole full duration. So just don't feel like you know something's getting behind. Just let me know so we can come in and help. Don't keep that to yourself and, you know, wait until the last day to say, you know, oh, something's wrong. It's not going to be done on time.
Uh, we'll we'll help each other out for all of this.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   13:44
Yeah.

Colin Moore   13:47
So all that said, let me kind of paint you a picture of what the team at Cisco looks like and who's involved. And to do that, I'm gonna pull up a really ugly picture of what Cisco had shared with us as their kind of state map.

Askari Sayed   13:59
Mhm.

Colin Moore   14:03
For this project.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:06
I thought you would have drawn that.

Colin Moore   14:09
So, Askari, you don't even know I I have a a bad habit of pulling up Microsoft Paint during meetings and making the worst drawings you've ever seen.

Askari Sayed   14:19
That's actually a very good. I mean, that drawing makes sense when you do a rod drawing. Now the concepts get clear very easily rather than, you know, proper block diagram explaining where the flow is going.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:25
Yeah, yes.
Yep, Yep.

Askari Sayed   14:32
That raw diagram always makes sense.

Colin Moore   14:33
Well, I'll I'll tell.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:34
Mhm.
I.

Colin Moore   14:36
They look good. They're just not pretty at all.

Askari Sayed   14:38
Yeah.

Colin Moore   14:40
But it's good. I I like the whiteboarding of all this.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:41
Mhm.

Colin Moore   14:46
So let me, I'll share my screen in a moment. I'll send you all this picture too, so you can have it on your end. Let me just do that now. I I think I might have already shared it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:51
Mhm.

Colin Moore   14:58
OK, I shared it in the chat, but I'm also just going to share my screen itself.

Askari Sayed   15:03
Yes.

Colin Moore   15:05
OK, let me know when everyone can see.

Askari Sayed   15:09
Oh, it's looking good.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   15:10
Yep.

Colin Moore   15:12
OK.
So this is the big ugly picture of Cisco's current CICD. The product this is for is when they whenever you see NX, that means Nexus.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   15:29
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   15:31
And their Nexus platform is the one that is that one of their like main ticket items like flagship products. It is a large data center level routing system.
So fundamentally what this team does is 2 things. Number one, they do new development on the Nexus platform.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   15:44
In.

Colin Moore   15:51
And #2, they maintain the code and just this is true real production, so they're doing a lot of bug fixing, quality checks, things like that. The way that this actually manifests is this Nexus software is you can think of it as essentially like a web UI.
That has hardware integration back end.
So it's a giant code base and the first thing that they'll tell you, which I do not want to scare either of you with. And Askari, I actually asked you this on your interview itself. They're gonna tell you that there's 10 million lines of code here.

Askari Sayed   16:30
Hmm.

Colin Moore   16:32
Are there 10 million lines of code? Maybe. Maybe. Are there 10 million lines of active code? No, not a chance.
So one thing to know is that they probably have this big ugly legacy thing that's the result of many, many, many developers. For this, there's 750 plus developers at Cisco in person in California that are working on this platform.
So massive, massive school. But that's where whenever we say 10 million lines, that's where it's coming from. How much is duplicate? How much is necessary? So don't don't feel overwhelmed by that, because I'm almost guaranteeing that they're probably counting things like Java jar files.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   16:59
What?

Colin Moore   17:16
As well, because even for something like this, 10 million just simply doesn't make sense. But don't get freaked out about the size. But at the same time, don't take it lightly because from git operations perspective, there's going to be a lot of traffic.
So we'll plan accordingly whenever we do the architecture for the solution.

Askari Sayed   17:36
Makes sense.

Colin Moore   17:38
So what happens at a high level for this? And we'll talk about some of the key people as we go.
This blue box is the developer box and this refers to the local developer level like people working on their laptop.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   17:56
OK.

Colin Moore   17:59
Greenbox is all about GitHub. They have an enterprise hosted GitHub. For all of our purposes, it's going to live and act the same as normal GitHub. No changes there, just the exception is you have to be on the VPN to connect to it. All of the things that we'll do will get deployed on Prem anyway, so this won't be any issue.
Um, but if you've never worked with GitHub Enterprise before, it's the exact same, it just has a special URL attached to it.

Askari Sayed   18:24
Yeah, work with it.

Colin Moore   18:28
So for this green box is the let's say the reviewer box and the the chat box.
This red box up here in the top right. This is the one where the builds happen. This is the first time that we'll get to know a person's name, and I'll put this person in the chat so you have his name.
So Devakar, you'll hear me say his name is the owner of this red box.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   19:08
OK.

Colin Moore   19:10
And he this Redbox is all about build automation.
So after the the code has passed all checks and gets reviewed and the green box, that goes to the red box where they are actually going to try to do a build. They do the builds on a virtual machine. We'll have access to that, so we'll be able to do the builds ourselves in an isolated way.
Um.
His team runs the Jenkins builds. They use two things, Jenkins and Bazel. Bazel's pretty easy to understand. It's just a build optimizer. Jenkins is more of an automated workflow for builds, kind of outdated at this point.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   19:45
Yes.

Colin Moore   19:46
But you might be familiar already.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   19:50
OK.

Colin Moore   19:53
Now you can see there's a lot of arrows on this chart.
And the thing that's the, you know, the that's throwing the ball around to each of these applications is Apache Airflow, even though it's only called out here. Essentially, Airflow is acting as the orchestrator for all of the different hand-offs between these, except for developer Bluebox to.
A GitHub green box 'cause of course that's just a git commit and push.
But after the green box, everything is being orchestrated through Apache Airflow.
So Airflow, the good thing is we will have Namita on the team. She's I have myself a lot of expertise with Airflow, but she'll be kind of our main person for Airflow. She did that for a job for eight years, so she's very well equipped on this, which is great.
Um.
On the analytics and telemetry side, they do not have actual visibility. I need to be clear with that. When they talk about Grafana, they are talking about the most basic type of Grafana workflow.
Um, they're not talking about like we have dashboards dedicated for this. They're talking like they'd flip the toggle button on Apache Airflow that automatically gives you Prometheus Grafana.

   21:16
Mhm.

Colin Moore   21:17
So nothing don't. When you see this and it looks like they have some analytics and telemetry, think of it as like the most basic out-of-the-box version of that.
Now here's the good thing and the bad thing. And just to just to kind of set the story, what the Cisco team has firmly rejected already. Number one, they do not like external platforms. They love to build everything else in house. Fine. It's a little bit painful because I know they're going to pay a lot more.
For this to be honest, um, but they like to build all their tools in house.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   21:55
Mm.

Colin Moore   21:55
The second thing is that I already tried to talk them into GitHub Actions and failed at doing that. I think honestly, for just about everything we have to cover for the green box could be well addressed by GitHub Actions.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   22:11
Yep.

Colin Moore   22:11
Um, book. But they said no. So just just so we know that's off the table as of now. I'm gonna still try to push them that way, but it seems like it's just um, you'll you'll find this a lot when you talk to senior managers once someone says something and double S down over the years.
Even if it's eventually not true, they kind of never want to deviate from that, so they don't look bad.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   22:32
Yep, OK.

Colin Moore   22:34
So that's the realistic technical explanation for that.
Now the the same goes for over here with Jenkins. I said why are you doing that? Because this is frankly, you know, very old at this point and kind of overkill. Like they kind of reinvented the wheel here. They they built their own build portal and I'm like even if with Jenkins there's already tools out there that'll do this for you, but.

Askari Sayed   22:39
Mhm.
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   22:59
They have some custom things here that they have built.
So for on my end, I will just ask you to politely ignore the, let's say, architectural deficiencies. All we have to be concerned about for especially this red box is getting information in and out.

Askari Sayed   23:20
Got it.

Colin Moore   23:20
So we don't have to worry about rearchitecting this. You know, that's out of scope for us, but all we have to do is, you know, build these connectors in so we can pull information into our system.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   23:31
OK yeah one thing here like as you can see on the top side there's like commit from users. Is this the same as the blue box of developer or is this some some other source from where we are getting the code?

Askari Sayed   23:32
Makes sense what it.

Colin Moore   23:48
Great question, great question. So let me explain this because this is not well shown on the graph and it's also not a good healthy workflow. We'll we'll be correcting this while we do this. What happened here is that they look at their developers, I would say not in the most positive way.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   23:59
Mhm.

Colin Moore   24:07
Um, they have good developers, but they don't really enforce any kind of governance.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   24:12
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   24:13
So what happens is developers will push code up to the green box and rather than having a healthy workflow where some of these checks are happening early, they have like lead managers reviewing the PRS and if something is mission critical.
Rather than doing the right thing and correcting their team on it and reverting it back, the essentially imagine there's a separate blue box up here for like the leader manager to step in and fix the code for them, push it to green and then go to red.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   24:44
OK.

Colin Moore   24:45
So in reality this is not correct. This commits from users like thing here. All it's really trying to say is like whenever this green box fails, something sends an e-mail to the leader manager, that person gets really angry, gets on their computer, fixes what's usually a unit test failing.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   24:55
Mhm.

Colin Moore   25:05
Commits it back to the green box and then that goes to the red.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   25:05
Mhm.
OK, OK.

Colin Moore   25:13
Now we will fix this as part of our workflow, because part of what they are lacking right now is that governance and observability. You'll notice that a lot of the things that we'll do for this project do have some way to have AI in it, but some are just us correcting bad behavior that someone should have done, but we'll have to do for.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   25:21
Mhm.

Colin Moore   25:32
AI to work properly.
So like this, this will stop because what should happen? That shouldn't even make it to the green box if there's unit tests failing.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   25:43
Yep, I think there was one part of the like SOW or the whole thing where we have to bait something which will pre-check and then fix like minor minor fixes, correct?

Colin Moore   25:56
Yes, yes.
So let me let me get into that side too.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   26:04
Mhm.

Colin Moore   26:04
So before before we go into our side and talk about what this first phase will be and what the rest will be, I know we've covered that together already, but I'll go through it again to refresh.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   26:13
Yep.

Colin Moore   26:15
Let me talk about the other constraints we might have.
So for them, everything will be on Prem except for the AI models.
We will be able to use whatever we want for AI models and AI tools. All of their developers are using VS code.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   26:31
Mhm.

Colin Moore   26:36
So the way to think about it is we'll kind of have a a two-part interface for whatever we build. Part one will be developer facing and it'll have to be in VS code. We'll probably be making some custom plugins.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   26:50
Mhm.

Colin Moore   26:51
Part 2 will be like a manager level observability and for that we probably want to spin up some pretty lightweight web app where the managers can just go see kind of current status for things.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:04
OK, OK.

Colin Moore   27:05
But that one will come much later. So the first one with VS code is the constraint. So that's where we'll be building a lot of the plugins. The goal for them is they have so many people, they don't want to do change management. That's why they don't want to have any new tools come in because there's, you know, hundreds of developers, they don't have ability to put.
The training to say, hey, now you're using this new tool.
So that's why we'll have to build things that are native, yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:29
Yeah, makes sense.

Colin Moore   27:35
OK.

Askari Sayed   27:35
That means you're building a platform or like a complete end to end platform from scratch, correct? With the custom plugins, custom custom connectors.

Colin Moore   27:45
So it kind of kind of will extend on VS code. It's actually kind of similar to what we do already. So there'll be hooks that we can put in VS code as part of a plug in. So it'll be fairly it will be completely non disruptive to their workflow, but we won't have to reinvent the wheel either. So in VS code there's ways with plug.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:46
No.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   28:05
That you can let's say like pre-catch commit hooks. So if we wanted to have automated tests run, we can do that here.

Askari Sayed   28:09
Mhm.
Got it. So what I understand from this so far, Colin, just correct me if I'm wrong. So we we have to build a agentic flow which is going to analyze the build image.
Find a bug or find a find a bug and suggest a developer to fix the bug or AI is going to fix it by itself by writing the codes like is it what we are trying to achieve in this particular problem statement?

Colin Moore   28:45
Yes, let me go through, let me go through the the formal doc for this one. Give me one moment before I do this. Before I do this, let me tell you about the the rest of the team.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   28:50
Yeah.

Askari Sayed   28:54
Hmm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   28:58
Mhm.

Colin Moore   29:00
So there is something that I think probably Saurav you got to see. Scari, I'm not sure if you got to see yet.
The person Srinivas Pita and I'll I'll send you over kind of a full sheet of like who everyone is like a who's who.
Sent its name in the chat.
So Srini Vas or Srini, you'll see me call them both. He's their director of engineering. He's our main point of contact.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   29:44
OK.

Colin Moore   29:45
He has built an internal platform called Atlas.
And what Atlas is, is it's a super easy thing. We'll have to use it, but it's not too bad. There's a training video on it and nice. The nice thing is that I was able to get the transcript out of it.
So you'll see the training platform. Essentially it's like a thin wrapper around language models.

Askari Sayed   30:10
Mm-hmm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   30:28
See.

Colin Moore   30:28
Where you come bring your own use case, but you can leverage the models to build it with. It's really just a big SDK for Cisco hosted AI models.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   30:38
It's kind of like what do you call, I would say a regular problem nowadays, like models are good, but people don't have the use case. Yeah, I will build the platform. You go ahead and build the use case.

Colin Moore   30:48
Right.
Yes.
Now they they are going to be, of course, very proud of their platform. I I haven't gotten to use it yet, but I have gotten to at least see it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   30:56
3.

Colin Moore   31:03
So for instance, it looks like this. Actually, I think they did a nice job on the application itself. The problem is Srinivas is the A I lead for Cisco, and so you'll notice even if you watch the video, you'll notice that the video looks like there's like a ton of applications on it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   31:09
Yep.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   31:25
They're not real.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   31:27
OK.

Colin Moore   31:28
They're just placeholder blocks so he could show people the vision.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   31:32
Mm-hmm. OK, something like coming soon, but it's not clickable like.

Colin Moore   31:37
Right, right. Which is where like even for. Let me see if I can just show you this.
And then we'll talk about the the rest.
OK, let me pull up my screen. Make sure you can see.
So there's this giant.
Resentation.
We just show you that comparison so you can get a sense.
Now I'll I'll give you both the link to this of course I think so if you already have it, but if I haven't given it to you, I'll give it. I'll be sure you have it as well.

Askari Sayed   32:33
Yeah.

Colin Moore   32:35
So I'm just trying to get to the screen where we can see.
They've done a a nice job with it. It's just a matter of.
How mature it is versus how mature they want it to be maybe. So you see for instance like all these different apps that look like on here.

Askari Sayed   32:50
Mhm.

Colin Moore   32:57
None of them are real. You can see they're marked as coming soon on the interface.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   32:58
Mhm.
Good.

Askari Sayed   33:00
Mhm.

Colin Moore   33:06
So for poor for poor Srinivas, his burden is this. He's at Cisco. Cisco is a very large company with a lot of very smart people and a lot of people that want to differentiate themselves in AI. So the poor guy's got to always be running as lead on a race where everyone else is.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   33:19
Mhm.

Colin Moore   33:24
You know, running very, very fast too.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   33:27
OK.

Colin Moore   33:28
So that's the biggest thing that I can say. We it's good to make a buddy, especially at his level, especially because he is the A I lead at Cisco. So for the whole company, he's in charge of things. It's just as you can expect whenever like a young guy comes on and wants to prove himself, he's going to.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   33:40
Mhm.

Colin Moore   33:47
Do not care about this and build his own version of it. So for Srini, what his problem is, is he needs people to use his stuff and he doesn't have anything on the platform. So what he asked for us to do and I I'm like, I feel your pain man, you know you built, you went all through the time.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   33:53
Yeah.
This.

Colin Moore   34:07
You know building this, but you have nothing on it. You need applications.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   34:11
Good.

Colin Moore   34:13
I'll tell you this, if we put applications on the screen for him, big or small, even if they're not related to the project, that guy will love us and we will get business coming out of our ears.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   34:25
Mhm.

Colin Moore   34:27
So my my point here is definitely take a look at the recording. I'm gonna do kind of a chat for that. We have the transcript anyway, so I'm decomposing it a bit to put together documentation for us.
Uh, but whenever we use this platform, just think about it like a thin wrapper layer around Uh models and hosting and infra. Uh.
It's fairly straightforward for people like us to use, probably very new for the other types of developers, the more traditional desk. But the reason why we'll really prioritize that is to get deep with Shrini, because if we do that for him, it's kind of he already told us we had to do it for this project, but if we show some enthusiasm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   34:57
Mhm.

Colin Moore   35:09
There, he'll be a very happy person. It's like his baby. So this is some strategy on my side to to stay on his good side. He's a good guy, but.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   35:18
Yeah.
So do we do they have like particular SDK that they are using or there is like a app builder attached to this?

Colin Moore   35:28
Yes. So what will happen whenever we onboard? This will be one of the first steps we'll do. All of us will go through a series of trainings. Some of them you're going to roll your eyes at. Take them as seriously or not as you want. I'll tell you whenever I was at my old job and I trainings like what we'll have to do for Cisco, I would have them.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   35:35
OK.
OK.

Colin Moore   35:48
Them up on different monitors and be doing them all at once and eating my lunch at the same time. Not really paying attention. I'm not telling you to do that. Certainly not. Why would I say that? That would be inappropriate.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   35:59
Yeah.

Colin Moore   36:00
But what I can can say is that we are all remote and I have no idea how much attention you pay to those trainings. So you know there's some parts I'll I'll trust your judgment to pick up the parts that you want. There will be a training specifically on this platform by Srini and his team as well as giving us.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   36:08
Yeah.
I'm.

Colin Moore   36:20
The full SDK documentation and full access to the platform.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   36:24
Yep.
Maybe like uh it would be a good use case for Co work on cloud for Chrome like.

Colin Moore   36:33
Yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   36:36
But can we like access those on like our B1 computer? Because I don't think they will or I don't know in particular are we allowed to use like our B1 account for cloud on the like Cisco device?

Colin Moore   36:54
Yes, good question. So for any of the AI resources, I talked to Srini about this and.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   36:58
Mhm.

Colin Moore   37:02
Basically what I said to him is don't let it slow us up, but if you want us to use the Cisco version, we will as long as you're not giving us junk. You know, I I said for instance, like cloud code. I need cloud code. I'm not going to, you know, deal with copilot.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   37:10
Mhm.

Colin Moore   37:18
So we will get as part of our onboarding. Basically we will come up with a list of things that we want from Cisco side. You'll get a cloud account with the Cisco ID that you've been given.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   37:19
Mhm, yes.
Mhm.
OK.

Colin Moore   37:33
And that's that's how we'll be able to do it. So that way we won't necessarily need it. Having said that, API keys, are they ever going to know? No.
But you know, if we can have Cisco pay for it at the same time, that's great. But things like Cloud Code or Cowork or otherwise, you'll get a Cisco account assigned to you via your Cisco ID. So that way you don't have to have that awkward state where you know you might wanna use your Bay one computer 'cause you have all access there.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   37:45
Mhm.

Colin Moore   38:02
You'll have whatever access you want on the Cisco side. We just have to get the access granted through Srinny.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   38:08
Mm-hmm. Yep. Sure. That's cool. More tokens, more fun like that.

Colin Moore   38:14
Yes, and we don't have to pay for it.
So and and once we get into like the meat of this, I I promise I'll get to that in a moment. You'll see that this is going to be a very token heavy process, especially by the time we're done. So we do not want to pay for it to frankly.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   38:18
Yeah.

Colin Moore   38:33
They they need to pay for it because, you know, it's not going to be that bad, but it's also not going to be that good. They've got a lot of complexities and you know, it's not like this is a small scale thing. This is, you know, the cost dramatically goes up when you're talking about 750 people using something every single day.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   38:50
Yep, even for like even if they are like random checks just running like suppose one check takes around just suppose 100 tokens and we are running it 10 times a day for 750 people. That's a lot of tokens too.

Colin Moore   38:50
Um.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:06
OK, so.

Colin Moore   39:07
Yes, yes, absolutely.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:10
Yeah.

Colin Moore   39:10
That's that's why I'm going to tell Srini. I'm like, look, if if you want to do this right, we're gonna want a cost dashboard. We're gonna want all this stuff, you know, 'cause they're not doing that at Cisco right now. You might think they would be, but they're not.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:19
Mhm.

Colin Moore   39:25
So for us, it's cool. We get to be peers to them. We get to kind of say, hey, maybe you could do this better. I mean, for me, I'm going to tell them, hey, stop using the API keys. It's way more expensive than if you would use Vertex or if you would use Azure Foundry.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:35
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   39:41
You know, almost 20X more expensive. If I can give you a 20X, you know, cost reduction on AI, they're gonna be pretty happy with us. So even if it doesn't happen at first, I think by the end of it, they'll be very pleased.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:42
Yep.
It.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   39:58
OK, so we talked about Divakar. We talked about Srini. Who are the remaining people we haven't talked about that we need to know?
This person for airflow is unknown right now. We will learn about them whenever we meet with Srini next week for discovery.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   40:14
Mhm.

Colin Moore   40:16
Um, this is a very important person, and yet they're not a part of the overall workflow. Um.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   40:23
OK.
Yep.
Yep.

Colin Moore   40:29
Airflow is like that. Once you have it set up, it works great. It doesn't really need babysitting.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   40:35
Yeah.

Colin Moore   40:36
But so that is 1 unknown person. The other two people whose names I want you to know, one is Anand Singh. Anand is the senior director. That's basically Srinivasan's boss.
So the Anand reports to Arun Arun Kumar. I have to confirm with Nahan Zahra. YouTube would know better than me. I I'm certainly no no expert in, you know, Indian last names. I just want to make sure that it's not a chat DPT transcript thing from Zahra that I'm we have his name reported to.
I think it truly is Arun Kumar as his last name, but just to call that out, he is the VP, very big boss at Cisco.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   41:39
Mhm.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   41:48
That guy reports to C-suite, so super cool to get him on calls. I've met him. He's really, really a nice guy, but definitely very far away from the action, you could say.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   42:01
Mhm.

Colin Moore   42:03
Anand is really nice as well. So Anand is, uh, still extremely senior at at Cisco. Uh, whenever I say senior director, he is truly, you know, senior in that sense.
But those are the people that we need to know for right now at Cisco.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   42:20
OK. And I think like we will be interacting more with Diwakar and Srinivas and like less interactions with Ananda and Arun, correct? Thanks.

Colin Moore   42:32
So most likely, yes, but I know that there's going to be meetings that we all get pulled into at the same time. So for those, you know, my encouragement is I am not the type that says, you know, hey, you know, only I talk at meetings.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   42:39
Mhm.

Colin Moore   42:47
So even when we talk to those guys, you know, we'll we'll probably have a dress rehearsal first, but we'll have some fun and you know you you'll both get to. I think it's a different experience when you get to work with people, you know, at that level. So I want you both to have that experience. So we won't interact with them all the time, but whenever there's meetings, we'll.
We will most likely all be there unless they're in person and not streamed for some reason.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   43:12
Yep.

Colin Moore   43:13
Yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   43:14
Sure. Looking forward to it, yeah.

Colin Moore   43:17
3.

Askari Sayed   43:17
Makes sense.

Colin Moore   43:19
Now.
Last thing I want to share is from our our team, our side. So beyond the people I talked to you about, there's three people from our side that I want you to know.
We will meet up with these three.
Now what's great about these three, so Zahra and Neha are like almost like celebrities at Cisco. They are in our sales team. I don't know what those girls have going on, but I will tell you right now.
They walk around Cisco, say hi to everyone under the sun. If they're a director, if they're, you know, an IC, if they're VP, they don't care.
Um, they are great if we ever need anything, any kind of information. Basically they are kind of our eyes and ears that can go and get us information from any team so that we don't have to hunt people down on on Uh on Webex.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   44:23
Hello.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   44:37
So I'll include them on some things. You'll see them. They're wonderful. Always feel free to reach out to them. You'll love working with them. They're really nice. They do come from more of a sales and client facing background. So think about them as our portal to talk to other people more so than people that are technically involved with anything.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   44:37
Mm.
Mhm.
Yep.
OK.

Colin Moore   45:00
And then Rahul, we call him R2 because our maybe former president Rahul Sharma, he's Rahul. So Rahul Bhabali is R2, we call him.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   45:12
Hmm.

Colin Moore   45:14
Amazing guy, crazy nice. You probably have already, you know, gotten an e-mail from him or his team before. He is going to keep everything moving. So if there's anything that needs escalated, if you have any problems with anything, he can help you out with that from our team.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   45:29
Mm-hmm. OK.

Colin Moore   45:29
So even if I'm not available for some reason, if he is available at all, he's extremely, extremely prompt. So he he can help to unblock just about anything that might be like, let's say like you don't have access to a resource or you're locked out or something.
And I got hit by a bus. He's a good, he's, he's a good person to, you know, reach out to as well.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   45:56
Yep, sure.

Colin Moore   45:59
OK.
All right, so now on to the actual fun part, talking about what we're doing, what this whole thing looks like. Let me pull up my documents and I'll make sure that you all have.
Please.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   46:19
Is there like something else on those like 8 slides which we need to know like before they move on like?

Colin Moore   46:20
OK.
Mm-hmm on this.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   46:27
Is there anything on those slides like 8? There are 8 slides, correct? Thank you.

Colin Moore   46:34
Um.
Oh, over here, I see.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   46:39
Yep.

Colin Moore   46:40
So this is just a screenshot from the meeting with the team. So these other slides, this is actually their internal engineering review. So these aren't actually slides for this project. These were ones that they just happened to pull up because you guessed it, they don't have anything documented.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   46:52
Mhm.

Colin Moore   46:58
Which is part of their problem. That's that's how you end up with 10 million lines of code whenever you don't document anything. So from this I think the way I'd the rest of the presentation was just their normal engineering road map.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   47:06
Yeah.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   47:14
That's why, like for instance, you see like some things on here, a little bit lazy, a little bit out of focus.
So yeah, this this we don't have the other eight slides, but we will for this first phase, you'll see we'll be able to ask any questions we want of the team.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   47:21
OK.
OK.

Colin Moore   47:34
And yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   47:38
We need to.

Colin Moore   47:39
OK, So what are we doing? What's our actual objective here? There are 6 total areas that have been identified and agreed on with Cisco.
And maybe let me see if I have the problem statement hold up. I believe that I have.
Here's a couple of things. I'll share you all of these.
We'll go through the problem statements 1st and then we'll go through what the planned actions are about them afterwards.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   48:20
Mhm.

Colin Moore   48:22
So for this blue box, the developer box #1 is they don't have any visibility as to what the heck the developers are doing.
So when we talk about it like this, maybe I'll pull it up side by side.
They have no clue what actually happens here in this box. It's a mystery up until this PR gets sent and hits GitHub.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   48:47
Mhm.

Colin Moore   48:48
When we say visibility, we mean three things. We mean #1 progress, like how someone's doing on some assignment.
#2 They have no visibility or awareness if the person's actually running unit tests or any kind of sanity checks.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   49:06
OK.

Colin Moore   49:06
They only find that out after it hits after the PR lands, which is really bad. Um.
In #3, they don't have visibility as of the current state. So let's say that you know something got rejected and needs to go back to the blue box. Whenever you have 750 people working on the same project, that is a nightmare. They have to have all these engineering scrum meetings all the time.
To remain In Sync because there's so many people working and there's no insight as to what they're working on or, you know, how they're approaching that work. So if someone's like stuck on something, they don't know until it's too late.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   49:45
Mhm.

Colin Moore   49:46
They're they're also looking at it from like a manager perspective too, which we'll talk about, which is not just as the dev side, not just as the engineering lead side, but also as a manager. They wanna know KPIs. They wanna know like the average time it takes developers to do a task. They wanna know things like that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:03
Mhm.
OK.

Colin Moore   50:05
So counterparts to that?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:08
I don't know how I should feel about that thing.

Colin Moore   50:13
Well, not not as a Big Brother thing. We'll say that I wouldn't. I wouldn't even agree to that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:14
Good.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   50:36
Fix it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:37
Yep, and.

Colin Moore   50:40
So no Big Brother stuff, don't worry.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:45
Yeah.

Colin Moore   50:45
OK.
So test cases that are run um
That's important to know, to make sure that people are actually running them. If it's like any other engineering team, there's probably, you know, 10 to 20% of developers that don't even bother running unit tests. Or if they do, they are not writing new unit tests, they're just running the old ones over and over again, even if they put in a new feature.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:59
Mhm.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   51:15
OK.
Next one for the blue box is that anything that is a failing unit test has to be debugged manually.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   51:22
Mhm.

Colin Moore   51:23
Now again, I ask you to put your sensibility aside for a moment because you might say back Colin, why are we even touching this? Cloud code, Codex, even, you know, copilot. The thing is they have a lot of traditional devs and.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   51:25
Thank you.
Yeah.

Colin Moore   51:38
This is like magic to them. They don't even know that this is possible somehow. You'll see where this comes up for us when we talk about the solution angle, but just so you know, they are currently manually debugging everything.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   51:52
Mm-hmm. OK, OK.

Colin Moore   51:55
And last but not least is coverage tracking. Now again, might seem completely nuts to you because you're like, what do you mean coverage tracking? Well, that can mean one of two things. That could mean number one, what lines changed and simply that is get diff, right? Like that's not even.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   52:11
Mm-hmm. Yep.

Colin Moore   52:12
Any I think?
But the second second part of it is the unit test coverage. So if you've added in a new function, do you have unit test coverage of whatever was added or changed?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   52:25
Mhm.

Colin Moore   52:26
So they're missing that kind of tracking as well.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   52:27
OK.
And like here also comes in one more situation wherein suppose I'm writing a new function which will what you call change kind of the behavior or the business logic of the what you call previous workflow or the function itself. Now the old.
The unit tests are like what do you call kind of void or outdated. So what happens to what happens in those cases? Like do we go ahead and what do you got update those old unit cases as well or do we just write for the new ones?
See.

Colin Moore   53:08
Exactly, exactly. And that's what we'll have to work through with them from a workflow perspective, because there's a good answer to it. And what they really need is they need a state aware unit test structure.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   53:14
Mhm.
OK.
Mm-hmm. OK.

Colin Moore   53:22
Because especially you think about it, they've got 750 devs. Just imagine even if every 10 devs have one branch that they're all collectively working on.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   53:32
Mhm.

Colin Moore   53:33
They could have these changes happening, you know, kind of 24/7 throughout the day at that point. So there is definitely an aspect of statefulness and that's where I think they're really missing out right now because if they had, you know, this is a managed.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   53:39
OK.

Colin Moore   53:48
Separate entity where we're actually tracking and we're saying OK, given this is the state, this is the branch. I know these are the tests that should be run. As soon as a new thing actually lands on main, now there's a maybe a different set of tests that should be run based upon what's changed.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   53:58
Mhm.
Yep.

Colin Moore   54:06
We'll work through that logic with them for sure.
OK.
So developer boxes here.
Um.
Next one is on green.
So now this is kind of two things at once. Engineers don't know where PR is stuck or why.
So let's say that I'm a developer in the blue box and I get my work done for the day and I send it over to the green box for review, and then I'm pretty much sitting on my hands until someone either rejects it or assigns me new work.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   54:41
Mhm.
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   54:47
So from the dev side, they also don't know. They don't have a way to resubmit or, you know, do like a a push, a forced push on a PR. If you know there was something that clearly failed, they have no ability themselves to see what had failed, so they can resolve themselves and save their manager some time.
Right now it's kind of like a single shot up to the manager to review.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   55:07
Mhm.
Oh.
OK, sure. This is kind of like a process problem, correct? This is not something we should be solving.

Colin Moore   55:24
Right, right. Now what what we'll have to do though is we'll have to talk to them about that as part of this, because the good thing is with AI, we have superpowers in terms of change management, because as soon as people hear AI, they stop fighting internally and say, uh, OK, I understand now I'm going.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   55:36
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   55:44
To change my workflow because it's AI and it makes me sound good, even even if it's truly has nothing to do with AI.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   55:48
OK.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   55:54
We can still at least give them some visibility to address and you'll see whenever we talk about the solution, it's it's going to be easy. They they have some unnecessary complexity that's going on right now. They have the CDT which is the context driven testing.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   56:02
Mhm.
OK.

Colin Moore   56:13
Basically, imagine like pick, pick a stack. Doesn't really matter what it is. Let's talk maybe first Django.
Imagine for Django I have HTML files that changed versus Python files that changed. What'll happen is there's a different test suite that will fire off based upon the type of the file that was edited.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   56:26
Mhm.
OK.

Colin Moore   56:36
Super simplistic, just rule based logic here.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   56:39
Mhm.

Colin Moore   56:41
And that's the CDT. They're very proud of the CDT, even though CDT doesn't work.
So, so CDT is 1. Now separate from the CDT, they have these 39 total review gates.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   56:58
OK.

Colin Moore   56:59
Now these are the exact same exact same as what I have on even on our own PRS on GitHub for let's say let me pull up talent AI quickly.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   57:07
Mhm.
Yeah, I think we have 5, no 5.

Colin Moore   57:12
Yes.
So you'll see like I have these these uh quality checks.
They say they have 39. Here is the internal tension with this team.
With 750 engineers, things grew at some point.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   57:36
Mhm.

Colin Moore   57:37
And so they say they have 39. And I said, wow, that's a lot.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   57:42
Yeah, what even are you guys testing at this point?

Colin Moore   57:47
So what sounds like what happened? And we'll have to kind of investigate and kind of get this documented because we'll be able to merge these no problem. It's just they need someone to tell them what to do. So they have 39 gates. How that happened is basically CDT didn't actually work as expected.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   57:48
Thanks.
Yeah.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   58:05
So the managers got irritated enough and said, you know what, I'm just going to write my own checks.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   58:12
Oh, OK, so it's just the CDT on the gates. So if it is like a HTML, there must be a gate for HTML, for Python, there is a gate for Python and so on. Correct. So I'm getting.

Colin Moore   58:16
Yes.
Well, actually, no, no, no, no. So they're they're two totally separate systems. And basically think about the gates as a manager saying screw the CDT, it's not working for me. I'm just going to set up my own custom gates.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   58:35
Mhm.
OK, just so that the code can be pushed in for a bit.

Colin Moore   58:44
Correct, correct.
So these two need consolidated for sure. And what I asked about for the gates, I said which one of them are active?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   58:55
Mhm.

Colin Moore   58:56
And so the answer I got back was, uh, funny, um, because it sounds like there's probably just a few handful of managers that are doing this with the gates.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   59:06
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   59:07
It sounds like there started out being maybe 5 total gates, very similar to what we would have.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   59:14
Yep.

Colin Moore   59:14
Then overtime, specific teams managers created their own specific gates and total ignorance of what everyone else was doing.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   59:24
Mhm.

Colin Moore   59:24
So even though they say they're 39, there's 39 total that are sitting there, yes. What happens with the managers is they primarily, let's say that 85% of the team uses the CDT as the thing that selects the test.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   59:41
Mhm.

Colin Moore   59:42
But that small subset of managers, whenever they create an epic or some kind of, you know, an agile development cycle, they'll have like an epic or a feature. They will choose themselves independently the gates of the 39. It's not saying that they're running all 39, it's saying that there's 39.
Total and they're kind of selecting from those at will which ones are run for the branch.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:00:05
OK.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:00:10
Now, many a problem there.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:00:10
So yeah, how does this look like for suppose I'm a developer and I'm pushing it at first like I know I don't know like that because I hope the developer is not able to select which gate server.
Manager is able to select correct. So developer pushes the code, it will get like rejected somehow or whatever mistake for whatever he has done and then the request goes to the manager after that.

Colin Moore   1:00:32
Right.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:00:43
Then the manager can select like which gate to hit to make the what you call PR pass and go for a bid. Is that what I'm getting like? Yeah from what you're saying like.

Colin Moore   1:00:57
So, so the manager not to override the CDT, but basically the some managers totally ignore the existence of CDT.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:00:59
OK.
No.
OK.

Colin Moore   1:01:08
So think of it like this, like I'm a manager and I don't like CDT. I say that doesn't work for me. I don't even know about the system. Not going to bother using it, learning it, or just flagging a bug. I'm just going to ignore it entirely because I'm a jerk. And then so I give my team and I say, hey, here's the gates verbally. They'd never.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:01:13
Mm-hmm.
OK.

Colin Moore   1:01:28
See the gates, but here's here's what my requirements are for your development.
And so the developer goes back, developer pushes code up. I've selected, let's say six of the 39 gates. Developer has no idea except for maybe verbal communication.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:01:45
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:01:46
What those gates are?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:01:48
OK, see.

Colin Moore   1:01:49
O develoer's code gets rejected. Develoer doesn't even know why.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:01:55
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:01:55
Because it failed a gate and unless they know to go and check on the gate, pull the logs and assuming that the gate is well articulated in the system, developers like totally blind. So the manager now has to personally go back to the dev and talk to them and say here's what's going on with your code.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:02:13
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:02:14
The the other problem here, I brought this up to them. I said this is stupid. Why are the managers choosing the gates?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:02:16
So.
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:02:23
You know there's total inconsistency from team to team. You don't have the same quality standard, frankly.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:02:30
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:02:30
But the good thing is, is that it sounds like a lot of the 39 are not in use or are only being used by one or two people at a manager level. If we can consolidate this or make the logic more simple or just leave it alone.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:02:42
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:02:48
Not touch it and just give some visibility back to the dev as to here's what gates will be applied to your commit.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:02:54
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:02:55
Because in reality these are just roles in GitHub. These are just YAML files.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:03:00
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:03:01
So it's even though it's a very, very bad workflow. I think from our side all we have to do is basically say OK, number one from the from a documentation standpoint, we have these gates, we can just observe them and say you know the manager has applied these to this branch.
Show that back to the dev so they know early and eventually you'll see we'll let AI know early what those gates will be so we know what to do for them.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:03:28
No.

Colin Moore   1:03:30
And then for the CDT, one thing we can do. CDT is also Srinivasa's baby.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:03:37
OK.

Colin Moore   1:03:37
So one thing we'll be able to flag during our investigation here whenever we first start is why they need both, because it doesn't make any sense. Frankly, they should have maybe, you know, under 10 for sure, total gates that apply across to all developers, no matter what team they're on.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:03:46
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:03:54
And everything else should be in the CDT if the CDT is fulfilling its purpose.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:03:55
Mhm.
Yep, Yep. Because even if suppose we go ahead and what do you call merge CDT with the gates or fix that somehow and it's like the managers are still in the habit of using gates. So like from our point of view it's just a waste of effort to even touch.
Which the CDT and.

Colin Moore   1:04:22
Right, right.
OK, so last last couple of things on this one. These are more manager facing ones for the next on the green. This fire and forget behaviour, there's no status view. So what's happening is there's multiple tiers of managers here.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:04:42
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:04:42
So you've got like 3 or 4 tiers. The managers are having to go and let's say that they have a team of 20. They have to go and manually go and grab every single bit of status checks for their developers on their team, compile it to a report so they can give it in a daily meeting.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:05:02
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:05:03
Now The thing is, so let's say that a developer, the devocker's example himself was that developers push 5 bug fixes on different branches, but he has no clue as a consolidated view where they're at.
What the status is?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:05:19
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:05:21
Very simple thing to solve. It's not even an AI thing. We can make it an AI thing, but you know, even this is still quite easy to do. It's just a git command really.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:05:33
It.

Colin Moore   1:05:35
But this is where this will come in. These two are the one and the same.
They have a lot of different moving parts for this. It's really not that many, to be honest, but in their mind there's all this complexity you'll find at Cisco. They like to think they have the hardest problems in the world. I disagree. Um, but.
They say, you know, they have all these tools. So if something fails, sometimes it's not just because of one thing. They have other things too. They have Apache Airflow in the mix, they have Grafana, they have, you know, Jenkins and Basel. So the problem that they have is getting all that information to one place.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:03
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:06:15
For us, this is simple. You know, it's just a matter of making kind of a unified storage place where we have, it's probably going to be based on air flow, something that goes out and retrieves logs, retrieves status indications, just a background process that runs and populates kind of a.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:15
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:06:33
A status database that we would build and maintain for this.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:37
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:06:38
But fairly easy, but at the same time they don't have visibility across the tools. The good thing is all of the tools, with the exception of the CDT, are standard tools that have normal people APIs. So for us it'll be as simple as building an MCP for them if they don't already exist.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:57
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:06:57
Um, connecting into the tools. That's it.
So that the reason why I brought MCP up is because the second answer to this, this was kind of their dream state is imagine if they had like a chat like interface to talk to this system.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:07:14
Mhm.
OK.

Colin Moore   1:07:17
So they said this would be like a a dream. You know, they they're like, I don't even think this is possible. This is really about static dashboards, yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:07:23
This is dreams. I ask this every day from broad.

Colin Moore   1:07:29
Yeah, yeah. I mean, seriously. I mean, we have whole skills dedicated in the repo to do this, right? I mean, um.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:07:37
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:07:38
But if we can build something like this in, Oh my gosh, they're gonna be blown away. And that's why, you know, I bring up MCP instead of just doing it with straight up API calls. The beautiful thing with Airflow is that we're gonna be able to have the information organized and collected and.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:07:50
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   1:07:58
Cleaned all in one place.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:08:01
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   1:08:01
So even for MCP we can connect directly to the tools for things that need real time queries, but for things that are just status or maybe a long running tasks in the background, Airflow we can leverage to come in and get that information organized for us.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:08:17
OK.

Colin Moore   1:08:17
So we won't have to pick and choose. We'll be able to do both.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:08:20
Mm-hmm.
Sure.

Colin Moore   1:08:24
Now last two and it's great, this is where you were going on your end as well.

Askari Sayed   1:08:29
No.

Colin Moore   1:08:31
So these two are the hardest ones, not because they're actually hard, but because there's a very important governance component to them.
Number one is manual triage of failures. Think about this one as simply root cause analysis. Nothing more than that.

Askari Sayed   1:08:48
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:08:49
No, this one does not take any action. This one just is like, you know, kind of like almost like copilot in GitHub online. It's like, here's where the issues are. Here's a quick summary. Here's the files affected.
The asterisk next to this one is because it's a large code base. We have to do this a specific way. Pretty easy, but I'll show you the approach to it. We can always refine that. Nothing I say has to be set in stone, but I'll show you how I've done this one in the past whenever the code base is super large if you're talking about.
Um.
Actually going to do our California on it.
Now this one the self healing auto resume.
Let me give three different cases. Case one is this manual triage, just RCA basically informing the user, but there's no ability to take action.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:09:43
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:09:44
Type 2 would be something that is kind of like a dashboard type view. Just imagine like a list table in a web browser that has a button that says, you know, here's the error that came up and there's a resolve button. And that resolve button is not doing anything but taking some deterministic action, strictly deterministic.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:10:03
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:10:04
For instance, like the build failed, do you want to retry the build? And it's a button that executes, you know, essentially a network terminal command.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:10:13
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   1:10:14
Type 3 is the one where we're going to be the most interested. This will come last for us in the whole workflow, but it's definitely the most interesting. But it's also the one that needs some clear governance from Cisco because they fell into that trap that would have failed, frankly, an interview with me.
I I asked the question of them, you know, what should AI be able to do in terms of self healing or automated actions?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:10:33
Hmm.

Askari Sayed   1:10:34
Mhm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:10:40
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:10:42
And they said, oh, just low risk things. And I said, how do you define low risk?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:10:46
Everything is.

Colin Moore   1:10:48
Right. And they said, oh, AI will decide. And I said that's a horrible idea. This is production. If we my my caution to us is even though they said that I'll protect Bay one in this way. I'm not going to take that as an answer because if we.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:10:51
OK.
Huh.

Colin Moore   1:11:05
Just say, OK, you're the boss, you said so. And you know, we have our AI agent go and screw up their production deployment. Yeah, they're gonna come for our heads on the pool.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:11:16
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:11:18
So if if you see me being cautious here, it's only because they have not clearly defined that governance structure. We'll work through that with them. We'll kind of show them the right way to approach this.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:11:28
Yep, Yep. Because like as it is written here, like Srinivas also have a code review project going on, correct? So we might be able to leverage that inside our workflow also.

Askari Sayed   1:11:28
Ban of.

Colin Moore   1:11:36
Yes.
Yes, yes.
OK, so let me pull this up. The last one here, coverage tracking incomplete. Yes, this is the same as what we were talking about earlier, just for unit test coverage.
Srini says that everything is perfect, but even just read this.
No, he says. It's been alive. It's mature for two plus years, and yet people still don't use it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:12:09
Uh, yes.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:12:17
You know, it's still he says, like this is context driven testing, but then can't actually say that the right test was run. I mean, that doesn't make logical sense. So we'll dig into this one.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:12:26
Yes.

Colin Moore   1:12:31
And our benefit is that we don't work there. So we can ask questions like we're dummies and just say, you know, explain it to me. You know, I don't need, I don't understand, you know, show me how this works in practice. You know, we can have that as part of our discovery phase to understand why CDT is acting this way.
And what specifically it does versus what it can't do? Because some of these I'm like, why would you even build a platform if you can't do this stuff?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:12:52
Mhm.
Yeah.
It might also be just the issue of they have the data, but no way to surface that data.

Colin Moore   1:13:08
Right, right. Yeah. And it could just be a matter of a connector, and that could be something we could bring back into the chat interface too.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:13:12
Mhm.
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:13:19
OK.
So let me go next. I know we're we're over time. Is everyone OK? Should we stop for today? You tell me.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:13:29
It's OK for me.

Askari Sayed   1:13:31
Yeah, I mean if it is not a much then we can continue. This is all all much like a too much information in this session.

Colin Moore   1:13:36
OK.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:13:40
Yep, Yep. Because, yeah, I already had like a small bit of this with you earlier for him. I think it's like totally new from the start to end.

Colin Moore   1:13:41
Well, how about this?
Well, let let me maybe digress in a different direction. What I'll do is I'll send the documents out to everyone so you can read them at your leisure. So when we meet next, we'll go through what the actual, you know, plan is for of attack.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:14:06
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   1:14:07
But for today, let me tell you what I want to do for this from an AI perspective. I think you'll both have some fun with this one.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:14:15
Mm.

Colin Moore   1:14:16
So meetings like this, like you said, Askari, a lot of information.

Askari Sayed   1:14:21
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:14:22
What I want to do is something a little bit more unique. I've been testing this out. It actually works pretty well with cloud code. With cloud code we have already something that and right now it's still stuck in talent AI, but this will be available in.
Um, and I know Escar, you don't know what talent AI is yet. Um, but.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:14:45
I gave him a brief description, but yeah.

Colin Moore   1:14:51
So.
This this function is stuck in talent AI right now, but I this is fine for the interim period. This will be available as a standalone service that we can call via just a simple API call in VS code shortly, but for now we'll have to do one quick work around and it's it'll be fine.
For all of our internal discussions, I'm going to record them.
OK and so in Talent AI and ascribe we'll get you set up with this so you can do the same. There is a section right now. One thing I have to do sorry if I have to click on calendar 1st and then transcript second so that it refreshes. I just need to change the to the different page.
But here any of the teams chats, even if you're not the organizer, you can grab the transcript for as long as the meeting was recorded.
So with this, what I have put together is a skill in Cloud Code that basically will take that meeting and decompose it into GitHub issues. It'll ignore all the discussion, but it'll be able to create issues for us on GitHub.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:16:06
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:16:08
So what that means is that whenever we're having these conversations, #1, you'll always be able to go back to them. And for instance, the summaries that are generated are actually pretty nice out-of-the-box right now. They're they're pretty good.
But beyond that, we will be able to have technical discussions on calls like this.
And then instead of having to waste time with the rest, we'll be able to make GitHub issues out of it based upon the transcript itself.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:16:40
Mhm.

Askari Sayed   1:16:41
Got it.

Colin Moore   1:16:42
So that'll be a fun way for us. It'll be a lot more quick. So rather than like waiting for anyone to, you know, create and assign issues, we can do that kind of independently.
And you know, obviously for a meeting like this, not GitHub issues to be assigned, but something like that is really useful and helpful to, you know, understand and keep track of everything.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:17:05
Mm-hmm. Yep.

Colin Moore   1:17:06
So the the second part of the skill will be to keep even with these meetings, we're kind of going to do this like blockchain style. So imagine each meeting there's a knowledge document created and then a bridge document that'll say here was the last state, here's the current state, here's what happened maybe in the middle to join this to logically.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:17:26
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:17:27
And we'll keep those files preserved as project knowledge as we go forward.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:17:34
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:17:35
So that's that's my, you know, kind of commitment to both of you. I there's going to be a lot of information thrown around. It's going to be really tough to get our minds wrapped around all of it at once, especially once we start talking to the Cisco team. So let's practice like we play and we'll use AI to help us get speed up.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:17:37
OK.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:17:56
I'll put together a repository for all that as well, so that it, even though it's not really code so much as just transcripts and summaries and things, I'll at least have it as a repo so that we can all have it on the same page too.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:18:10
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   1:18:11
And we'll we'll set up some nice automation to, you know, automatically process these once we have a good workflow going.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:18:18
Yep, makes sense because this was something like we were also like discussing earlier to have this as a like separate service, the transcript as well as the meeting one also. I think that one is also cool.
Yeah, I think both of them are tagging like, uh, telling day for now maybe.

Colin Moore   1:18:34
Yes, yes.
Well, you'll like. So one thing, and again, Akari, forgive me, because I know this might be, you know, you might not know what anything about what we're talking yet. You will. You will know soon enough. I'll tell you that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:18:49
Oh, doc scope right now.

Askari Sayed   1:18:56
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:18:59
One thing we do have.
Let me see here. I forget what the credentials are.

Askari Sayed   1:19:03
Jarvis also is there.

Colin Moore   1:19:08
We do have Airflow up and running now, so Jarvis is almost operational. Jarvis is the code name ascari for the for this project with the transcripts and general automation inside of Bay one.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:19:19
Yep.
Standing.

Colin Moore   1:19:22
We're all big nerds, so I always make Marvel references to things.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:19:29
Yeah, other references. No, it's just model references, right?

Colin Moore   1:19:34
All kinds of things. Mythology, Marvel, physics, anything. But so with with airflow that we have going, we'll actually, in case there's things for this that we might want to have on a recurrent background basis rather than a skill.
I have Airflow set up. Airflow has access to Azure, so if we needed to let's say run skills or run an MCP or anything, that Airflow instance is fully available to us. So if we want to even internally do some automation, we can and I don't even have to burden either of you with it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:19:54
It.

Colin Moore   1:20:12
And have Tanuja do that on our team as well. So because something like this is useful not just for Cisco, but any projects that we're doing together.

Askari Sayed   1:20:22
Makes sense. This Jarvis actually remind me one of my this bachelor's project. I made a voice assistant using Wolfram Alpha name as Jarvis. So like it got award number one in my college project and that was a key highlight for.
My entire engineering degree.

Colin Moore   1:20:45
Love it. Love it.

Askari Sayed   1:20:47
Yeah, I still have.

Colin Moore   1:20:48
That's awesome. That's awesome.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:20:51
I'm arguing for this, yeah.

Askari Sayed   1:20:52
I I still have the code base with me like it's a 6-7 years old code base. I've written it. I still have it and I I mean oh, I have used everything and that that was one of my best project I've made so far.

Colin Moore   1:21:03
Yeah, why not? I mean, seriously, like, well, let's bring it in. Why not?

Askari Sayed   1:21:08
And that and that too were that that was a pre era before GPT or Claude or anything was into the picture. We we did research GitHub repositories and then we build that code base.

Colin Moore   1:21:20
That's awesome. That is awesome.
Let me see if I can get.
Well, what what we can definitely do is for Jarvis, because once we have a good handle on Cisco, you'll see whenever we talk the next time the the schedule that I put together, kind of like the cadence is actually fairly generous to us. And that's on purpose 'cause I know Cisco stuff takes a while.
I think if we are, you know, we have definitely enough people in enough capacity. Aside from this first phase, whenever we're doing discovery work, I honestly think that we're going to have some idle time available. So we'll be able to do some other projects too. And trust me, I've got four other projects just at Cisco.
Itself that we can do that'll get us some huge opportunities. So stuff like this, keep them coming. You know, if you have any ideas, you want to share anything, even if it's not about the project, please feel free. So sorry for yourself. I do not want.
I'm trying to do something different with this team. Usually, like whenever we do engagements, we say like, oh, they're a part of the client team. I'm like, no, no, no, you're a part of the Bay one team 1st and then we just happen to be doing this client project. But you know, you're a full time Bay one person.

Askari Sayed   1:22:43
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:22:43
I want you to feel that way too.

Askari Sayed   1:22:47
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:22:50
All right, gentlemen. Well, I know it's late, so I'll let both of you go. We'll meet again shortly here. I'll share over all the docs we went through today, including the one we didn't get to go through. Just if you can please review that. And in addition to that, I will send you over that link to.
The webinar from Srinivas. It's like 2 hours long. I'm not expecting you to watch the whole thing, but you will have the transcript, so if you want to throw that into Claude too, completely fine.
So uh.

Askari Sayed   1:23:21
Ben.

Colin Moore   1:23:23
Yeah, I I.

Askari Sayed   1:23:24
Yeah, makes sense for me.

Colin Moore   1:23:27
All right. Well, good. We'll have a good rest of the evening. I think we'll connect either tomorrow or on Friday. I'll let you know. I'm going to try to set it up a little bit earlier if it does go on to Friday, so that you can get an early start for the weekend without holding back too much, OK.

Askari Sayed   1:23:43
You know, but there might be one catch actually there there are chances like Eid is might be on Friday also, so I would take a lead one for the Eid, yes.

Colin Moore   1:23:52
Oh, oh, oh, that's right. That's right. That's right. Actually, yes, that is a let me see here, 'cause that is a holiday I need.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:23:53
Oh, we have.
That's our optional holiday for us.

Colin Moore   1:24:01
Optional holiday.
OK, so for that one.

Askari Sayed   1:24:05
I'd still be available if it if it is not more than hour or more than half an hour, more than R&R. So like I would be available for that.

Colin Moore   1:24:14
OK, OK. Yeah, definitely. We won't go beyond that. Why don't, why don't we do this? Why don't I try to set it up for tomorrow instead? I know it's a it is a holiday, so for the way that we'll do after you're onboarded, I don't want to hold you to the holiday calendar.

Askari Sayed   1:24:16
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:24:32
The optional one without you being fully onboarded yet. The way it works, I'll explain more in detail after your first, you know, full-time day. But basically there's optional holidays. There's, you know, given holidays, there's a lot of them, I I think so.

Askari Sayed   1:24:44
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:24:50
For this one, 'cause it's optional, I I just won't schedule it on Friday. I'll just do it for tomorrow. That'll make life easy.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:24:55
Mhm.

Askari Sayed   1:24:58
Yeah, thank you. Thanks for that. Thanks.

Colin Moore   1:25:03
Great. Well, good. Well, like I said, have a great rest of the evening. We'll we'll be talking tomorrow. So excited to get our get our engines started on this. It's gonna be a fun project for sure.

Askari Sayed   1:25:16
Yeah, looking forward to work with you and team.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:25:19
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:25:21
All right, everyone. Have a good rest of the evening. Take care. Bye-bye.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:25:22
Yeah.

Askari Sayed   1:25:23
Thank you. Take care. Bye.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:25:25
Thank you. Have a great day, Colin. Have a great night. Yeah. Bye, Colin. Bye.

Colin Moore stopped transcription
