OK, sounds good. So I just wanted to give you an update on a few things. Seems like that the work which you were talking about, that code refactoring, or code modernization. So that work is not coming to us for now. But there might be other work might come in the future. CICD one which we talked about Sarang and everybody with Anand right? Mm-hmm So it seems like that's gonna come our way They give us a target budget they give her like hundred to pay quarter They are ready to allocate for us and they will tell what tasks needs to be done. So They wanted a take on that. How do you feel about it? So I think that's where it is that latest update is so now the next step is we need to SVA or no or more money or whatever it is. And what are the tasks and explore that. So we need to, that's where we are. Okay, so it's a good news like we are getting something from Cisco to show some of our capabilities now. And if we do well in here, there is a lot of work because this VP has a lot of budget. But I think they just want to be careful with us what budget they can spend. And especially they had that experience with that guy Gaurav. who did not work out the same group. So I think now this is a good news actually that's a good news and then of course we had to plan it out and you know what is it that we should be doing so yeah but I mean who writes it's a good news. Yes, yes, I am very happy they are at least giving us chance because there is a lot of people sitting in this group, a lot of partners who are quite there for a long time. There is not much movement of the partners there or the suppliers, they just keep the same supplier base. So we are getting a chance out of five or six, which is a great achievement. So I think selling work is done now is the work. The fun part. Actual delivery. Yes. So I think what should be in your mind next step should be? Yes. So the good news is I already have all my travel booked. So I will be in the area from what's starting on the 9th up until the 20th. Okay. So ideally, if they are able to, I'd love to go and meet them in person and start discovery for it. Okay. And in the meantime, I do have at least some people that I already started the hiring process for people in general this week. So we do have some talent coming in as a backfill. So we'll be well equipped to do this work. Okay. So that is in motion. What type of talent do you think we need people with networking background? I would say not really, not really, because what they have is very much unique to them, not in the sense that it's common in networking space, but they have a stack that's unique, I would say, and other than that, most of it is very non-specific. Okay, okay. Only thing is like because this is like all the software is written on for the device managing, right, or their controllers. That's what they are talking about, Nexus data center devices. So I still feel there's some networking background person who can at least understand what kind of issues can, you know, what kind of things go wrong and what other things, what type of code it is and, you know, that's where I would say some knowledge might be useful. So just to be clear, this is just for that CICD project? Yes. So does this one involve that directly? Because I thought the CICD project was really mostly about their GitHub workflow, connecting with their Airflow instance, a couple of other things. I didn't think that it was too specific on the code yet. There's that one part, certainly, that is definitely involved in the code, which would be the automated triage and resolution of errors. But okay everything else of those items is nonspecific to their code base Yeah, okay, okay, so you feel that way is like it would not be required We can have with the team what we have you would be able to kind of start on the project yes, yes, and I still think no matter what though like you said if if there are people that have already a networking background and Like something that would also be useful for Cisco because I think their problem is they are networking but even I did connect with startup today The current person and I can tell you already they have a very very very Just unhealthy way of working and not in the sense of like anything dealing with personalities, but just in terms of just general development workflow These guys are pasting code to each other in a WebEx channel. They're not even using github properly. So I think there's going to be a big curve no matter what. So I think prior experience is good and not working space, but it's also going to probably be very different than what they might have already experienced if it was from a different company. I did talk to him today. He was, he was strange. I will say, I think like he did not strike me as someone who, like he said, he had 10 years of experience. He did not strike me that way. And I did see his coat. He was showing me some things on the screen. I don't know how much utility he would be for this reason that he did not have literally almost any actual knowledge. He didn't even know what product line he was working on. So he had almost zero actual familiarity. It's kind of like feels like to me he was like out of the game for almost a month from the way he was talking. He seemed very eager to help for sure, but he just seemed very distant to the project. Okay. Okay. So he seems like he has no clue what's going on. To the point where he doesn't even have their GitHub repository access. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Sounds good. So let's do one thing. For now, I think I'm not sure how we can do the costing on this because they asked for a budget, what they've kept aside for us. There are three things we can do right now. We can just say, oh, this budget does not work. So the second thing we can go and negotiate with them right now is just say, hey, not this much. This is going to be why. And this is the kind of team structure is going to be. They would like to know how we would be working on this project. So they would like to do a little bit more into it. And third is we can we can just say yeah we can agree to for this quarter for this budget for discovery and doing some like the anf which we were talking about and uh with that if there is more budget or we can get it signed up for four four quarters right now for four and it came from them and we can move the budget here and there whatever it requires yeah yeah i i think yeah that To me, it only depends on the length because if it's going to be, if we're going to have enough time, then the budget's okay. I think otherwise it'd be low. If they want something like delivered, you know, two, three quarters, I think that would be low. But maybe they would be open to start out with something like a hundred and then move it up as things get more involved. But I think if it's also if we stretch it out too. The immediate resource load is high at first, but then it'll taper off as people get more momentum in the project. So I think it just depends upon how quickly they want things to get done for me. So actually, in my mind, Colin, $100K is per quarter, which, of course, will get renewed every quarter. And depending upon next quarter, maybe in the first quarter, we are able to show them some progress. possibility that no we will get more right so that is one thing and and also I think we we can maybe we can take a look at which one of those use cases that we would like to pick up and then recommend you know maybe this is what we can do right maybe one of the use cases or two other use cases I don't know but yeah of course we don't have to do everything but we can call out maybe we'll do a discovery and maybe one use case is what we will do. Second thing, third thing was in terms of the resource loading, we would want to have at least one person here with them who works very closely. There'll be multiple teams involved. For example, even to get the code or get maybe some functionality. you know what not right so he will have to interact with multiple cross multiple teams so it's really good to have one person here you know in the bay area and then we built you know the remaining team around him or her right it could be maybe in India or maybe it could be here so that we have to figure that out based on you know what are the efforts estimate could be In fact, I mean, I would probably see that resources, resource loading could be, you know, discovery phase would be less and then we would, you know, maybe have more capacity once we start working on any of the use cases. Right, right, right. Yeah, especially discovery, because realistically, discovery, I don't really need much help. I'll keep the team involved, of course, because they need to be familiar with the project. But let's put it this way. If it came down to the wire and I was the only person involved in discovery, that would be no issue. Discovery is fairly easy if you know what you're looking for. And I think we should have additional hands with you, Colin. Yes. Even for the discovery, right? And again, we have to look at it more from you know a strategic investment perspective as well to get their confidence right so I think and I don't know I would agree that we can add capacity as needed I mean of course you being involved in other areas other activities also right and of course you being remote after this initial part then somebody It will be good if somebody is there along with them, who goes to the office, works with them. Yes. Because knowing the way it works in Cisco, it's not easy to, for example, solve your talking about it, it still doesn't have GitHub access. So unless we are sitting on the heads, things may not move. Right. And his feedback for me today, kind of, I'd say something's shocking. I don't think there was any chance for the poor guy to be successful. They stuck him in a junior dev role. I won't go into that part of it. But the part of it that was a little bit jarring to me was the communication. He literally never got, he showed me his WebEx. He never got one response from anyone in the US that he ever reached out to, not once. So yeah, I think there's definitely an advantage to being in person. Yeah. I'm not surprised knowing these people how they work. So you have to be there in person with them. Just walk up to them and get your things done. So that's typically how it would be. So I think what we should think of, what are the kind of skills that we need for the people to do this work? Do you think we need somebody with CICD experience? The trick is that they don't do normal CICD, so I think it would be helpful for sure, but as long as they aren't looking for a process to be followed, because I think any of the Srinivas-related work in general is not following any kind of a good or standard workflow. So I think most people that have CICD background would get there and would get lost almost immediately. The two skills that I would go for, for sure, right off the bat, One would be someone with a real agentic AI experience in the CI-CD space, but not someone that's just doing prompt engineering, someone that's actually doing kind of a system-level automation. And then the second person would be someone with airflow experience, because that'll be the single biggest thing to connect to, because that involves APIs, that involves airflow itself, and you can't not know about airflow and do that job successfully. But I can write the job descriptions if that's helpful for this. OK. Sounds good. And do you think we should involve, I don't know how they're going to take if Sarang is not going to be there at all because he was in all the meetings. So should we use him right now or how do we build? Or we just go, you go right now and see where it goes for the discovery and they ask for him, then we will figure it out how to get him in the mix. I would say so Rahul, we can start off with that. And if they start getting more and asking for him, then we can see how we can pull him on a consulting side. OK. So the next step then is just think about what kind of skills we would need. It seems like on discovery side, actually you don't need anybody, but hopefully If we can get somebody onsite right now, that will be ideal. Let's get them to start with. And their role going to be dev or more kind of collect, what is that, the onsite person? We need a dev guy. Right, right. I think the trick is going to be if we want them to keep their head above water, if they are partially a dev, but more so like an interface layer, that is going to be probably the best bang for the buck. If they're mostly a dev, I feel like they're going to get a pigeonholed. That seems to be exactly what happened with Sarab. Basically, he kind of got this situation where he had to prove himself, and they stuck him on something that's not work that you give someone with that much experience. So if it's someone that's a developer, the problem is they don't have a very strong guidance internally. So if he's doing development on-site with them, I just... It would just depend upon if he's taking directions from Srinivas or if he's still taking full direction from us. If they're still taking direction from us, developer would be okay, but they're going to be expensive, of course, because they'll be in the Bay Area. But if it's someone that's more of an interface layer that's just kind of being that bridge between an India-based team, that's not a bad thing. That could work. Okay. Sounds good. Okay, so let's put together... description next week we will set up a time with them maybe we will just say like we will go with this budget or first you put together a resource planning for this whatever thinking how much you will need for if you need to complete all A to F for them in next one years time suppose right what type of team we will need here onshore and what we would need offshore and what would be the skills we need right away and what we need in future. Let's try to put together and then Amit can put a cost to it and then see if they are coming close, what they are paying or we need more. Okay. Yeah, I can definitely do that. I can definitely do that. Okay. Sounds good. Then let's connect Monday then once you have this resource planning and job descriptions. Awesome. Yes, I absolutely. That's exciting. That's great. Thank you so much, Colin. Take care. Thank you.