If you're available, we'll get you connected to our AI person, Ramagar. That's the reason I reached out to you. Hi, nice meeting you. This is Rama. Yes, nice to meet you. He's Colin. I don't want to take it around, so that's why I said, let's speak offline. I mean, let's speak on column. Sure, sure, sure. Well, my name's Colin. It's great to meet you. Awesome. Okay. go ahead yeah so uh let me do you want that uh just give a quick second do you want to talk about that thing but if you guys don't mind i will come over there and ask you if you are okay yeah we are okay probably if you are here calling can only we are in 73 yes Talk, I'll be there in five minutes. This will be able to come, okay? Yeah, yeah, on third level, yes. I'll be there, okay. I'll leave from here. So, probably we can talk about Srinivas project, if you are okay with that? Yeah. What we're trying to do. Okay. And so, is he, so his name is Rama. Rama. Rama. Rama, okay. Yes. Okay. And these guys, as I said, this is automation. They're doing this testing on these devices. Okay. So, the thing is probably they're trying to take help of AI to automate because they have higher resources back in India to do this regression testing, to validate the test cases. They wanted to understand, to see how AI can help them out. This is regression testing for a hardware platform or for... Okay, so they do testing on the switches and on those kinds of switches. They use Python. Okay. It should be there. Okay, if you want to use my device to show, because there's nothing you can show from your lab. Okay. No, no, change of weather has affected you. Yeah. It is the second time on 15. Yes. I was going to say, long time no see. So we just kick started the project for Aruna Rukumar Singh. There's a director called Arun Singh. They sit here on the third level. So what we are trying to do is automate their CI-CD process. Stays in new process. Yes, by using the column can explain what so what we're for them is our main point is regression testing and how many test cases you're doing and how can AI am like if you can give him some inputs where the patients are you can Explain it and see if you can do better then come up with a solution or something. Yeah Sure typically every organization either under windows say for example or Enterprise are here. We will have almost 30,000, 40,000 test suites or test cases on every day, daily basis. For example, every product line on the service provider side, they have service segment routing products. Traffic engineering those applications and they have that is also a controller. Okay. Okay controller it basically the controller these controllers network controllers the main indication is visualization, provisioning and intent-driven things you give it to the products, right? That is the main controlling the devices. Okay. So these three the three applications, the three kinds of messages. Because visualization, everything is based on the UI. Right. Provisioning, you can do either API or UI. But customers can choose anything, whether it is a... To salary customers, they may go API based and they will provision whatever they need. Sometimes if it is a network operators, they want to pull down, keep selecting what they want, and probably on the thing what they want, or small changes. So as we are giving the product, For them, both UI and API base, we need to test both the things. So the flows, each one has its own different things. Like a Nexus data center, which is this side, we manage Nexus features. On the service center, service provider side, the traffic engineering, we manage service provider routers. Same thing, enterprise also. They have enterprise routers and enterprise switches. They also have their own controllers. So every business unit, whatever they are making the products, network management now is involved with SDN products, software-in-different networking. So that way, visualization, provisioning, and network management, that's what we are doing. So each one, because they have so many product skills, There are so many loaded features. Now they have like a 30K, 40K keeping these. I see. That is one thing. Then what happens is for a development process, development process, the CACD and all this, they want to make the builds everyday basis. Okay. Because they want to view the, as I said, development methodology or waterfall. They want to fix the things, they want to give the bills every day or ordinary day. Then what happens is, on the test side, we are obligated to validate whatever the image is coming in, in the same time. Like if the cadence is every day, then we have to provide the results every day. Running is okay. Running, yes, we can build so many equipment and repeat the test and everything. Analysis is the key thing. That is the way the time is spent. Now this problem statement is our objects. And the time it is being taken is on the analysis. That's where one problem statement. What happens is 40,000 test cases. 40,000 test cases, there is a Jenkins automatically queuing the jobs. The runs will be completed in 12 hours. The results will begin. But the result somebody needs to analyze and say, hey, why they are fit, why the quality is bad, and provide the subjective analysis. That's where engineers are spending time. Even though we space it out in such a way that we make the bills by 9 p.m. So in their time, they change things and it will start. So by the time that you run and complete, the engineers are available before they leave. They have three, four hours to analyze the results. Sometimes that doesn't complete three, four hours. In the initial stages of the product development, so many failures will be there. That takes a lot of time. But as you make sure or as you go on the product development in the release cycle, As you come into the close to the end cycle, stability will be there and less number of failures. But early cycles, that is the way the charge is. I see. Because it brings the chaos also, saying that, hey, you guys ran 30,000, but you are giving me analysis for only 2,000. Right, right. I see. Because each one... So many failures. Is it a product failure or your strict failure? So such kind of things that analysis is the key thing. How do we provide these AI tools can do this kind of failure analysis. Say for example, UI. I'll give one example. there is a timeout. Every screen, when you run, if there is a product bug, and the same bug, because of that, when you launch, it is giving the same thing, error on the box. And we are not able to continue. For that, we have almost 60 different test rates. And so many test cases, people need not to do that. If there is some AI tool which can look into the results, okay, this is the part, it is impacting these many, 2000 test cases. Right. Right. Right away it came to a point, rather than manual, spending manual analysis, and go and get graphs, all these things. So if the tools are there, it is more effective. It saves the time. And teams can spend time on the complex ones. So that is the kind of example. So in a nutshell, from the test managers for us, some problem statement is regression analysis is one of the costly function. Yes. Where our op-ex is being a little bit ospent, we want to manage it better or use that bandwidth to develop automation or do something else. But that's what we are looking at. OK. So coming to that in Cisco, already the initiatives were there, and some companies were making some attempts on this one, looking at code, what we, the test code, and what developers are giving the software, the matching to that. But that is not really fitting to what we are looking at. Right, right, right. OK. So Cisco, internally, there is a circuit, which is the AI kind of... It is master of all AI tools putting together. Copilot, and Windsurf, and all these works over there. So on top of that... Cisco circuit is our internal AI. So it gives, okay, you just use the prompt whatever you want it to throw all from Cisco database, it corrects everything and it throws that. Okay. So that is the problem statement. Makes sense. So anything else? No, I think, yeah. Probably, he got the thing, right? He can recommend something once he analyzes it. I can go off the cuff a little bit for you, if that's OK? Sure, sure. OK. So I'm glad you said the first one, because usually one of the bottlenecks that we could solve, but it doesn't sound like it's a problem, is even just the selection of the test suites. What to run? You have all these tests to run. Do you need to run that many? Or do you need to be more aware of what's changing and how it's changing to a better solution? Yes. But if that's not a pain point, we can just skip over that. Yeah, so over time, what happened was if we have certain bugs are being committed, certain product bugs. Based on that, where the code is getting modified, where the code is getting changed. And specifically, that suite, so the test cases, choose that and run. I mean, basically, you are making a more effective call. Instead of running all 40,000 test cases, you are choosing 1,000 or 1,500, which are more this one. Yes, that is the selective regression. We call SRT, selective regression testing. This is based on the code changes what you make. I think that is the one enterprise and AS and NK, they used to have that. When you do that code commit, I mean the bug commit, that will tell what is the area of the code you are changing, and it will trigger what speeds are applicable to run. So that's one, and that's good to reduce the volume. But at the same time, sometimes you do need that many tests, or maybe it's just not the scope. From an analysis perspective, this is where things can get interesting. Because, as you said, there's kind of this dual relationship that's had. In one case it's almost like a hierarchical relationship between the tests. Sometimes they catch the same areas. Other times it's not quite hierarchical. Like, for instance, sometimes it's a repeat error that's flagged, but it was already covered by this up here. It's kind of just noise at that point. If you fix this one, it fixes the downstream. On the other hand, sometimes you have ones that are more, I don't want to say edge cases, but edge cases among themselves, where this is happening because this one, so there's a dependency more than there's a hierarchy. I think that is the complex one. Say, for example, how that correlation, how you correlate, there is a I mean you are using three different products to the three different entities and one entity is the 40 because of that that symptom is being reflected on the UI so you need to be more if you can say that but what is the end result to the customer? The questions will come also. OK, this is a very simple problem. Or is it wide? And how critical it is? I say, but this is impacting all provisioning. Every function is failing because of this. So once I run, then only they know that, oh, user names, OK, then it's a must fix. So that kind of thing. Yes, you are absolutely right, yes. So for that, there's a couple of things we can do. This is actually good, because this is part of what we're doing already for Erwin's team. So there were two things that we were doing. I'm going to blend both of them. One is the CICD work, because, of course, this is a natural fit into that pipeline. But there's also a work that we aren't actively doing right now that we propose to Nilesha's group. Nilesha, we propose. That was about a code-based modernization. That's delicious, right? Nilesha. Nilesha, is the Nilesha for our NDFC? Yes, yes. But the Nilesha is doing the CICD? Oh yeah, I think so, yes. Let me explain it. It's not going to sound relevant, but I promise I'll wrap around to it. It's for unit test generation and coverage. So unit test coverage, like anything, has a lot of different definitions depending upon who you ask. But at the end of the day, do you want to cover functions? Do you want to cover edge cases? What does it mean if you say I'm 80% covered? So the thing is, whenever there's a change, how do you, without spending a million dollars and just having a very much language model generated response, which isn't that useful for a complicated code basis, how do you actually set this up? How do you know what was touching? How do you put tagging to your feeds to correlate to that one type of thing? One thing that we do to start out that work is we build essentially a graph topology of the space. This is the existing test cases and this is something that's multi-dimensional. That's the tough thing to talk about with graphs. It's easier if I show you. Of course, whenever we get into that work, I'll be able to show you this with this code base. But at a high level, this is saying, here's the relationship, here's my entire code base. Here's the relationships that files have amongst each other. Maybe it's a library. So if I want to see what files a library touches, in their case, they want to change that for security reasons. It's a now dated library. How do I know what impact that will have? And recursively, how do I know? Because you can't just swap it out. That's the good way to introduce a lot more issues. Probably, this will allow you to add. So sometimes what is happening is from UI development, certainly the customer gives that, hey, we want to see tooltips or we want to have this additional and it has spent on the UI. The UI team will come, even though the functionality is not changed, but they want to make that appearance or whatever the things, the box size, whatever text or whatever things. Then the question would come, Hey Ram, how much time or how much is this effort for reflecting in your scripts? I see. So, okay, there are other tools where we can fix the scripts, but rather than asking me if you were that graph, multi-dimensional table. This is the test repository, it will impact this much with your work. It can answer that. Almost like a Venn diagram. Here's my actual code base and here are my tests. It shows up, so basically it's a relation. The trick to it is to not do it ad hoc. So for us, what we do is we'll preserve that, and it's state-aware. So whenever the code changes, the graph changes. And that means that whenever something needs to be tested, we don't have to live query. It's actually more efficient than just something like a Regex, because Regex is nice and simple. And for us, the pragmatic answer is always going to be the right one. But what you can do is if you have this graph and it's live updating as the code changes, even if it's on a specific developer's branch, because 90% of the graph is the same, now you can say, because this changed, here are the ones that are relevant that should be activated. Or if it's a test that fails, now I know the hierarchy, which one is essentially the primary affected party from the code change. Because if there's downstream changes that happen, great, but those are secondary to that first. Obviously, they're going to fail if the first one fails. It's almost like saying, if the build fails, I don't need to know these 10 other things. Yes, that's true. Because it's a waste. It depends, yeah. I got what you mentioned. But yeah, I think that's a good part to fix this. Yes. And that will fix, but it requires, yes, the executable commit may be, guys, you need to make structural changes. on your core test, all these things, how you build the database kind of thing now. But that's good, yeah. So yesterday I wanted to, the initial I was saying, let me share you, this probably may not be much interested, but. So when I was running this, these are the test rates people will be running. All of that Regression test and you will see people will add the comments say you open DDTS and why they have failed all these things So now if you add up all these things 21,000 total scripts are being run This is a unified summary for example controllers vanity control regression say 25,000 on this one okay 25,000 for one this one like you have six other groups everybody running it's almost 60 60,000 test being run and need to go through the analysis every column and why they are failing so for example this this many see here how many columns how many desperate they are these many engineers probably each engineer might have five six to see what are the failures. See here, how many are there? Say, almost 10 engineers are looking into, or 12 engineers are looking into each line, each day, and for them, whenever the regressions are run, it's a nightmare. If they're failed, if the high percentage failed, then they go cranky, right? Oh, I need to look and find analysis for everything. If they find two or three comments, and they say quality is only 20%, 20% of the result shows, because that is the only 20% pass remaining failed. But if you put three or four comments saying that these are the issues, people will be suspicious. Really? Did you analyze everything? Yes. So that's why we look at this. So anything else? So I'd say like even from that perspective, I hear the purpose is to give the problem statement. Yeah, we'll come back with. You're looking at bigger perspective, addressing both on the development side and test side, how it will do. That's good. I understand. For us, yeah, this is used to take a lot of our bandwidth, the newest bandwidth that we wanted to address. But this is a common problem across multiple groups. OK. OK. Yeah. Well, this is one definitely. well-served from what we have. I think what I can do is I can at least share what we're going to be doing. And then maybe if we want to talk more specifically about this, it's a great fit for us because we're already going to be doing pretty much the exact same thing on almost the same code base. I think actually our work touches each other from my understanding right now that we have a run. Arun, Arun Kumar's work is network product validations. Okay. Like an extra switches. Your switches has its own functionality. Okay. Right. So that functionality, it has a CLI, it has, it has to send to the device and the functional conformance. Whether as per the algorithm, as per this, they are working. The switches are working. Yeah, switches are working. So for me, it's different. Nexus Dashboard is a little different. My intention is to send, kick in that CLI, because they have that through Nexus Dashboard, we'll be sending the command. My job will be done, that's it. As long as I kick in that CLI, I don't care whether these people are doing the same job or not. If nothing is working, it's like this one. I don't know the problem, right? This is my controller. controller, whatever manually you're supposed to do here, I'm doing it with the controller. That is the kind of thing. So, mine is, yes, similar commands I will direct, but that UI based, intent based, we'll be doing. Here, it's more random, more product, functional, conformist, but where they're a little bit use case based, our customers. the user intent. Say for example, just I want to make this setup fabric, right? But it has multiple steps are involved. Here they need to go step by step on all these things. But they want to click, single click, it will be done. For example, Carnival, they are installing, they want to deploy 200 switches. If you want to go and configure manually, it will take three months. Or even if you have the scripts, it will take two weeks, three weeks. But with the Nexus dashboard, it minutes. Because you want that. It is a contour. Everywhere, a whole industry is towards that contour. OK. So from our perspective, so. If we came back and we had some ideas to share, I can always do that. I'm good with that. And even, you know, we know a little bit now about Cisco's stack and the internal ways to do this. So they still have that already informed in there. We already have to do it behind that curtain. Beyond that, what can we do for you? So obviously this is a problem statement. If we had a good solution. This is not our statement. Second, things are evolving that UI automation is high pressure point for me. Absolutely. As they are looking, Milesh is asking me, in the nation, Sonawee, they were asked, they are mad master. Okay. They said, Amma, you need to move the needle on the UI automation, right? Now, everything is AAPI based. AAPI, yes, people write scripts and that's okay. But UI also very important and we need to move the needle. For that, UAE is not impossible, but it is a more laborious work. For that, either you can use copilot or something, code generation tools, repeated things. That's what they're asking me to do that. So that is on, we are in that hunt right now. We already have the libraries, we already have... we use Selenium tools. There is a Cisco, there is a automation infrastructure layer for Python. We use that libraries pretty much. Across Cisco they use, because if I write something, I can put in the get repository. Across Cisco anybody can use it, right? So that's what they are using. So even on top of that, where you see if any UI tools, say, if something they are changing the, for example, they made one change, simple change on the UI, certainly it required me almost 4,000 scripts I have to modify, right? So 4,000 scripts that express our IDE, this kind of thing. Yeah, some are automatically treated things. Yes, they have solutions. We'll be looking further down That's something we just two problems written one is regression analysis. Second one is your automation The third one is coming like say this kind of screens, right? Right now previously used to have a black and a white white background. Now they are changing everything is the black Same thing, UI screens also, we used to have black and white, I mean this one and G3 is asking to black and white, then what happens is most of our scripts we need to re-validate. Different theme, black theme or night theme and all these things. So GPS they have, night and day time, they have different colors. So then if you can't see the lettering, that map directions and then screws up. Exactly. So that is the kind of thing we need to check. Okay. Yeah, they're changing the clock. Last time you showed us. Okay. Dark blue and then it was night. Right. Black color. Yeah. So then what happens is three shorts. Some three shorts will be there. If traffic three shorts are certain... of bandwidth is certain threshold, then it's a green, certain threshold level, it's a red or yellow. Is the same schema applies to different color theme? May not be, right? Something like that. Nice. So we need to see. Some places they'll modify, some places they won't modify, then we need to raise the box for that. Got it. OK, good. Thank you for your time, sir. And it was a quick one, sir. You name, please. Call, call on one. Yes. Thank you. One thing we can do, once we have some time to digest, I can actually, for that second and third use case, that's a fun one we can actually demo to you. So we've got some really cool, because I know it's kind of brittle, almost. There's always a testing. It's brittle to do UX, UI testing. It's brittle. Sure. We will look forward. Looking forward to it as well. Thank you.