I can come on all three days I really like the food and the place  But there is a  Hi, everyone.  to work on and sometimes you might see I may be distracted by you in your attention. But if you are open here, try to grab, have a good chat before we respond to all of your stuff. And if you are stuck here, what we do is the right thing to do about it. That will probably the most frustration. I may be at a standing meeting, we refer it, we can answer.  and then you follow the rules of the art. So, I'm calling it Unblocked. Call it results zero, not zero. Your own setup is the process and the good work. The key thing is, you want to run as FA first. Meaning, I don't want to have a perfect solution, but I want a solution where I can test it out, and see how far it will take it, and forward to the next set of features set.  I don't like what is wrong with them. They will use that and everything. And then you realize, well, we have to read one thing out. So the poacher that we do is going pretty fast. We change the architecture pretty fast. Is that pretty fast? Because unless you build, you don't know what are the challenges or the outcome that you are going to expect, right? So you have something in mind, but you get pretty support in X.  And I'm on the way to change the design of the problems. So I cannot say that, you have to be a requirement, you have to be invited to the thing. But then only you work along with us. Because as the group meets, we don't have challenges. Because these are all uncharted India. And we don't know how, and there are people also. So I'm like, I have full control of, then I have to go to the department of D.U.S.  they would be part of this race, they would only be at peace, so many things. And sometimes we had a bank borrow or a steel car, right? So we had to figure out what was the method was, something we could work around, something short-term, long-term solution. So if you are a little bit better off, who is the athlete, you have lost. And along the way, you can also, as I said, our goal is to fulfill the goal in most of our race.  build the solution for the CAC department that we are looking for. At the same time build reusable pieces where we can leverage it in for some of the other people's, for the beer group. So, yeah, I mean, if you guys prove yourself to have enough, or that you can take on additional thing, or you can believe in other products or other kind of muscles. But, where's the impact? Like, some work solved.  think of it in both these cases. We need to monitor it, as well as the current use case that we are doing. So, given that a lot of people, I mean, they are really up to speed, I mean, and of course, bearing in on one challenge and start thinking, you should wrap it up pretty fast. Because it's not like you're going to start a new one. You already have an arm running with a basic set set on to the set. It's not like you have to go for your internal.  Or I need to do this thing, how to do UI, how to get the access and all those puzzle pieces all solved. And all you have to do is just work with the business logic and figuring out what needs to happen. And I support folks who come with the suggestions and innovations around this one.  Once you know what the problem you're trying to solve, you have to depend on me how to solve it. Because I have always said my mind is not for cutting all this. And I said today is not for getting to borrow, I said what is my mind for cutting it. It was, I would have gone to feedback somewhere else, I would have been talking to other colleagues and then it's not going by then and so on. It's like experimenter don't think of it. And it's not like typical job that you have done with doing your phone. So you will see a lot of it.  back and forth, but the end result you learn is that you will be promising a solution to solve this kind of problem. So you learn about the way how we are doing, how we design stuff at scale and how not to do stuff like that. So your next two senses. Any questions?  No, none for me. Srinivas, thank you so much for, first of all, for meeting everyone today. I'm glad to have everyone except for me in a room. I wish I could be there. I need, you know, like at the bank, they have one of those flumes. I need like a tube that I can go to get there fast.  Anyway, no, absolutely, and second that too. So any of our internal projects for the media in Chicago, you'll know that I kind of run the same way that Srinivas does. That's why I think, I hope that's why we get along.  But we'll do the same thing. I think we can do a lot in a short amount of time here. And it's great for us to give some opening to other projects, too, that we find along the way. Let's add as much value as we can. Let's get as embedded in this as we can. And my advice is just immerse yourself as fully as you can in this and be engaged. You're already doing that, which is great. But actually being at the campus, it certainly makes it more real, which is great. So yeah.  We're going to get to a running start here. As soon as we get unblocked with GitHub, we will be off to the races. So that's my commitment.  I will find humans more than anything American. If we are doing all the journalism, it can be used as that. At least you can be on par with the system first. Can you fix that?  So, my name is Shrekhar. I work as an AI engineer. So, I bring you the AI workforce. And along the way, I have to take you some of the stuff. I work majorly on this building systems. And you have a friend and a back-end engineering AI systems, right? So, I work on procurement systems.  So we have to get the quotations from different vendors and try to combine them. Try to get access on which one is better and which one is. Writing those quotations and successfully defines to pick which one is better, which one is better.  No, we, once we got all the positions, we passed them, and we tried to, like, pass them. So, I mean, we said, pass the documents. No, pass the documents. Yes, pass the documents. Let's say, like, text documents, we can sometimes, we can get text and images, so we try to extract that from there.  And I tried to, so every production starts with multiple layers, like some of them has like another line of notes and terms and variations and they follow the case documents, so they go with five of them for each piece of documents. So I tried to pass those documents within different.  Partially, one agent will do passing off like another, one will do like this, and one will do like this and additions. And combining all those and getting those all details, then a last agent will do enhances of which conditions to pick. And preparing to do that service that way.  Isn't it like 10 minutes later or just passing that? No, passing that. So, we use vector leading for other people to play with. We have a record operation that we have. Here, I'm going to give you the suggestions for vectors. There are like 50,000 vectors in the database. I'm going to let you find which vector provides which material.  the cost, especially cost. The cost changes frequently, and especially in many other parts of the world. Profiles, they are more than easy to work on. And as an agent, you say how do you use it? You say as an agent, how do you make it? So I, of course, whenever I can create a system, I can go with it.  As you know, the agent will open it. I just try to connect the logs and put an adapter and try to get output. And once that is done, then you know that system will use your latest standard, like a lab craft launcher using those systems to build the proper state machines, like what is happening, what it has to do with it.  Before, right now what it is, and this is what it has to do, it has to call to get the information to process that. Yeah.  new entity reformation systems and recommendation systems as well. Earlier in my career, I have worked on an end-to-end multi-run process. I am going to talk about how the day-to-day life of the world goes about a new end-to-end process. So, it starts from an end-to-end practice on the customer, making sure that the model is in the range that we use by the customers. So, who is the end-stage VR model?  We have extensively used to help with work, making sure that all the influence process for the windows that we have are going through the networks where we want to train, and the loads, the symbols, and the skills we want to use. And what is the interface that you are trying to solve? What are the other problems you are solving? Yeah, one of the interaction problems that I had.  So this is a regression, you are going to write, you are going to write, you are going to write, you are going to write, you are going to write, you are going to write,  It should end up making sure that the inference process happens every four months. That's why I'm interested in doing it. Okay, thanks guys. So, yeah, I mean, we have some measurements of most of the one you guys have. We'll do much more actually, right? I mean, I think it's a good start. So to get a more resistive, what do we need actually for real danger?  VPN access, VPN access is done for us. Yes, we have it. And I will give you the, just to find me, I will give you the link and access on the Bible channel for the video training. And then you need to have access to the mobile model, you can have a mobile model.  So go to appstore.cisco.com and request a search for co-pilot and request for it. Then reach out to Mahavi, visit their manager, and he'll upload. Now, search for co-pilot and search for co-pilot. There is a way to request and that request goes to, I mean, PSR.  And so with that, once you get the access, you use the user ID and the support system. That's the group that you will log. You will log into the mobile. User ID and the support system. And that will take you something called EME group. And with that, you should be able to log into the mobile. And with that, you should have access to the mobile access. So that is the start.  What else did he come for? Actually, he had one question regarding WebEx logs and that he needed to contact the log and get the WebEx logs, right? No. Calling is part of the best place. You have to create a plugin to download the log from the workspace. We can add you as well. So, no one will give you the log. You have to order the WebEx space. Well, some application was already being developed. Yeah, he developed something, yeah.  It is not fit you today. You can reach out to him. But the intention is, you must take that app if it's there or not. You have to put this in an app to basically give him any level of space. I think if you have it somewhere, I don't know where it will come in right now. It should be there somewhere. But the idea is to basically download the log and you can do that access. And what is this for literally? We just know.  And the other thing is, I can speak in Hindi, I can speak in Hindi, I can speak in Hindi, I can speak in Hindi, I can speak in Hindi, I can speak in Hindi.  I don't think I'm too much with the initial look. It comes straight up. Once they are on the mobile, I think that will be the initial look. Maybe this week, probably, if we solve all the ongoing issues, access a bigger training.  I just get the higher understanding of what could be done, then you are the next one.  I mentioned that I'm trying to research about how to store egg logs, how things look, how logs are created. Now I can sit here and make one or two channels like where every employee is facing what type of address that I see. So I'm able to see...  I think just the one that we did  Yeah, we did one more, a couple of them, I gave a pet box, and I looked at it, and I used it right now. Yeah, that's it. I mean, that's using the Android, and I need to be working on that one. So, you copy, you copy the card, these are the cards, you can just one card, 300, 300, 15, right? Think of it as an app store, right? Yeah. So, one of the apps you need is that. So, I need to still, you know, how do we,  But that's the other thing. Any other things, any other blog posts that you guys need, any clarification? So for AI flow actions, how do you comment on that finally? What should we write? AI flow is too early, but project right now, don't go there too. So we have lot to design, lot to figure out how things move.  It was the final stage where you want to create another pipeline. And what other than you'd have access to? That's what I'd do. So the character would be different. But if you would have all the information? You would not be done. It's easy to use. I gave him the user and he used this. Oh, okay. That... I've stored a Cisco.com to go. You can do right now for the seconds. Cisco.com. I've stored a Cisco.com. Search for the volume.  So the primary role would be what I'm speaking of  That is just to find in the file where the tape was. That is not the prime value. That is not the prime value. How do you define a problem statement?  that other channel, Cisco engineers are saying these are my problems, whether there is a manual, there is a person behind it, solving it today to identify what problem the users are doing, the charts, histories, what are the perspectives so it is just to kickstart your project what problem are you going to solve? you don't know, right? so scraping is not a problem, right? okay, scraping is just a one day job  to identify the things. So we already have the analysis done. I have initial analysis already, the product and financial advice. Initially what we did. But what I'm saying is that we need to first get the entire status field, do a quick analysis and say what are the top pain points that users are facing. And now to solve the pain point, what are the doctor's sources that we have in the pipeline.  We know what the problem is, but to get the exhaustion instead of problems.  That's part of the reference case. Where is this error? No error. There is no error. There is no error. I see you said locked up. There is no error. I don't have to start that error. The issue is that the engineer is raising the peer. The peer goes through 45 decades today. And there are a bunch of systems that are built by the system. And at the end, the peer gets lost.  which gets loaded up to the router. So this entire system, typically, this entire thing is managed by some of the release groups. Meaning, every day we have three, four, and three, six, seven release groups are assigned, they don't manage that entire process. Now you want to take them here to here. And what does it mean? Meaning, let's say there is a TR. How do I know where that TR is?  Can AI help me to unblock the AI? Meaning, let's say, it says that I have some issue, let's say something failed. What failed we don't know, right? Because it's going through this huge calorie, right? So we need to look at deep into the individual user's AI and say, okay, what is the issue, where is it started? What could be the issue? And how do we unblock? We have to reason that and suggest a solution, right? That's the problem. Not the error is not the problem.  Easily saying I have an airport. Easily saying I have an issue, not an airport. So you're going, you're trying to guide the pilots. I'm saying that's why I'm saying there are 10 of them. So you, that was just an introduction. I'm going to let them do what you guys have, for instance. Like, high level, I get it. When I start mystery group, I'm like a faith engineer, not a real engineer. But my understanding is that it's 39 days, and it's not an old triage, right? It's like every point you're manually trying to figure out where it's stuck, why it's stuck.  There's an AI involved right now that has had recognition. So where can I create that recently? Certainly, you might find this... I don't want to say funny because it's a serious thing, but it has been kind of someone I've been training for Cloud Code.  Even though she's not someone who... She's not a developer. She's the only one that enjoys opening up VS Code.  Just one quick one, so I can guide the team accordingly. So even I'm looking at the app store, so I put in my request for Copilot. I'll make sure everyone else does too. For AI tools, do you want us to stick with Copilot? Do you want us to request for like Windsurf Cursor? Do you support cloud code? What would you like us to do? We can do it. Okay.  Because we have all of us and other solid models up there. And himself, everything costs money, right? So, first I want to, as I said, I want to best go on this. What is your current expertise? Then, can you earn life? And this is going to be another course, okay?  So just give us another paper to see how you can utilize a tool, what you can build, pick a stack, then you will get some understanding. And these are the tools we say, okay, any other tool that works. So we insert, typically at least from Cisco engineers, we use kazir, ID, other kopal, kopal is in AG-85% that's the, and 50-20% is the kazir, but that is only for...  specific use cases, and they don't write the Python code, they write the real part of the code. So I'm telling the regulars this code. I use all the code, and probably should also add access to codecs. So maybe there is a page to get the codecs log in and find out how to get the codecs log. codecs should get you started. That's perfect.  That's perfect. We don't even touch them internally. Between codecs and cloud code all my needs are met.  We will tell you where to use water and we will figure it out. Those are the two things in the entire system.  You should see them Tuesday through Thursday. I don't need it. I don't use it. I don't have time. No, I'm not reading this. I digitally don't accept any form. I know this was a shocker time. Yeah, I'm not doing so. Don't bother me. I'm going to be attached with any child. Yes, yes, yes.  We're the, like, say, you're stuck, or like, acetation point. You're stuck. And then I'm sure you're there. But I think, once you've created the mind about how to do it. I'm already pregnant. He's being very responsive when we're working with him. Okay. So he's very responsive. Yeah. I think... Just get the call and just get the products and go for it. And then you should be there. And I'm trying to find words of good time to be there.  So, I don't know what time it's going to be. Thursday is a good thing or? So, Friday. Thursday's Fridays are totally good for me. I'm actually, I'm like the bridge between IST and PST, so I'm online way too late in the evening. The only time that wouldn't work for me is, let's say like after 5 p.m. PST. Any time before that.  Because I start working whenever, hopefully most of you are still sleeping. Yeah, sounds good.  It has to be recurring, so depending on like initial I'm at five a.m. we'll at least twice in the week, otherwise things will have to go by now. But if you use a sitting bin, catch me, I'll be in case of that. So, all of this place and what not. And the best place is the way you can get up. But I question what is it, if you have your local NVC. But meeting is only to figure it out, okay. There have been, how are we doing, any...  So let's see maybe probably we can add them to the best thing that we have 