India and Canada, India and Canada, but not US. No, not US, not US. That's why I'm on the east coast in the US. I'm in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I see, OK. Yeah, no days off for us. Not for this. And you're out, guys. Hello, guys. Hey, Srinivas. Hey, Shini. Doing good. Doing good. Happy Friday. Happy Friday to you guys too. I know you were discussing about the PR validation, not the PR validation, the code review using the PR validation, right? I think Ankit and D were asking. I think we had one discussion with Moo and... I am getting the others when they were here. They said that they are doing the label way of doing that one. We are doing the VS code and then having an extra thing on top of it. Do we wanted to converge it to something meaning that? No, no, no. They have both. They have both. They have the whatever we have. They have both what we have today. So right now we are working in the CA pipeline. So one help we need from Justin is work with Mazar and Tim to give us the call graph for the incline. What is that call graph? I was trying to understand it too, so I know all of us. If the function is changing, I want to know the impact. Who is the caller and calling? It's like we think of like our... And that call graph is coming from CTC? No, it is from the LAM system. LAM has an option, CLAM has an option, where given a disk you can actually generate it from time. Sir, it is on top of the puzzle? Yes, it's top of the puzzle. So there are two ways that you can generate this. How about measure, how content understand here? No, I'll tell you how this works. Think of this call graph as a new option in the cylinder, when you compile a code. And you can generate it as a nightly build, like a Cisco be generated. Equivalent of that, as a part of your brain process, you can create a separate DB and keep it. That is one... That's the base name. And then when you just use the changes, you do it between these two and find out that these are all changed out there. Exactly, got it right. So that is where we need Justin and your help to say, and maybe work with Mazar, how do you create the database? What is needed? What is the difference between this one with the CRFT? CRFT is basically- Just the function counter. This is on the- Right now it's- CRFT runs on the switch. which will tell you which function is, what do you call, involved, like which function you've got, etc. So that one and this one are two different independent things. Different independent. I'm just trying to see if there is any common or typically risky. One is the big time. The big time got established, yeah. So this one, I need to do that. Yes, everyone is on board. Yes. Second part of that thing is there. One is the baseline. The second baseline is the user may be touching new add-in, new files, new functions. For that, the baseline will not have it. It will not have it. Whatever the image is picking. So for that, we asked myself to create one more run essay equivalent of a run script, which dynamically goes and builds the call graph with the new coding. for that change, for the new difficulty file. So that way, I can cover both cases. For the first case, which is the creating the baseline, obviously you have even just need to be part of it, working with Bazaar and what are the requirements, how to do it and what not. The second part, I'm hoping, Bazaar will give you something, but is required you can be part of that which is both ways but that is the requirement for that. If there is any better related things if we done there Sydney I think I will be part of that one. Yeah it will be better only right I mean I think that's the whole point I feel about it. Yeah and even again if we wanted to add the multiple infrastructure to create a database with the baseline related things right that also we need to be involved into that one but yeah. And this is not going to be going into the existing image, but it's going to be something on top of that one, which means I can run it in parallel to the existing build process to bring in the data. And that will be a separate database, like a look-up database, think-up framework. And if you have any figure it out how to provide APS on top of it and whatnot, that's a different problem. But that is one thing we need to solve. That's interesting, okay. Yeah, I did not follow up on that. Another data point is that ID code will be a little bit shallow. Shallow meaning I don't want them to make mistakes, basic mistakes. So that will be there in place and also in the CI pipeline we do very extensive, very deep dive. with all the knowledge graph, Nx is knowledge, so many other things will be there. One of the element is this column. Makes sense? Yeah. Okay. Any other questions before we get to this column? And then just to clarify, to give off on like say VS code, right? VS code is in the developer workflow, ID is code review, right? That's all in the developer workflow, whereas there are... CI pipeline that falls in the PR workflow. So both will be done like as developer workflow as well as the CI workflow. Okay, and both, even XR is doing both. Just to... And they have different metrics, dashboard, this and that, so many other things like that. But that's the high-level thing. So yeah, Colin, you heard some open it up, right? Why don't you ask quickly, then we can see if you can resolve it. Yes. For sure. So the biggest one is probably the easiest one, which is GitHub. So GitHub, we tried. We did, as you said, get on the VPN, make sure everything's installed. All of our laptops are up. We even talked to the support team to make sure. But still, it keeps on asking us for a physical device team. It won't let us go past that step with Duo. It keeps on saying, you can only add in this. It doesn't give an option to add in a different MFA option. And that is the most gating factor for us right now. Because essentially, that is the screen of everything. Do you have anything you can share to show the problem? Yes. Let me share my screen. Yeah. I don't want to just let you have it. They can help the way they do. OK. That'd be really great. Let me. And you'll have to forgive me. I'm still learning WebEx now. So I'm usually a Teams guy, but I'm eager to have a different tool than that. I found share screen. It's going to have me restart. I'm just going to rejoin because it's the first time from Mac perspective. It's a permission. So just give me one moment and I'll be right back. There we go. Pashini, can you give some context here? Yeah, let's give some context. What is he trying to do? So, Kolin is from a partner, our partner organization, called B1. And we are taking Kolin and his team's help to automate our CACD pipeline is in the app. So I am the worker, met a couple of times with Colin, with the high-level description along with Anand, to basically say, how do we basically use AI to solve some of the problems in this case. So now, there are many pain points that we want to solve. One of the problems, there are two kinds of problems that we want to solve. One is From the build and infrastructure, the infrastructure point of view could be any type of infrastructure related. Basically, the observability and also how we leverage AI to solve, monitor and auto restart and auto do anything on the infrastructure side. It could be build, it could be sanity, it could be anything. That is one part of the thing. The other thing is from the user point of view, meaning users are using the CI pipeline, right? And for example, you have your NXOCI, the WebEx space is there. It is always looking everywhere. This thing, that thing, where's my PR and whatnot. So we want Colin to basically look at the problem statement. And we already have a few databases behind the scene. Basically, those database need to be, if there's no NCP, he will build NCPs for us. Then, he will use our deep site platform. basically to plug in those, I mean, either right on the existing app or a new app, we have to figure it out, depending on where the problem statement lies. And how the user to basically self-serve model, meaning they have an issue, they go to that application, and they get what they want. So one is a self-serve model, so that way we eliminate support issues from the team. and also with the infrastructure problem. So how do we automate this entire process is where the column will come in. Did I answer your question? And a column, Anpoma is a lead engineer from the DevEx side of the story. DevEx is an organization which actually used to provide Even now they provide some services for us. Think of it like our Cisco sister organization and they provide all the build and what are the infrastructure needs for the business unit. I see. Okay. So she represents that organization for data sector and the worker and Antoma worked closely and now some of the functions got transferred to the workers team from Antoma's organization. So the worker owns some part of it, or most part of it, and Anpama team owns some part of it. So it's like a shared responsibility. So the services that we want to automate lies in both these organizations. So the CI pipeline, from the developer point of view, is co-owned by the worker, that means our team, data center team, and Anpama team, which is the DevX team. So that's the high level background. So we'll try to pull in Anpoma also into these discussions so that she can help us unlock. For example, we wanted to create an MCP out of some of the cat related checks, let's say. So the database is with Anpoma's team and then she can help us connect with the appropriate foods. Then see, should we create MCP or if they have MCP, how will you do it? Right. Then similarly, of course, the build team, the worker won't save them. The worker can point up and send everything, basically. We'll connect all the dots, but this is the team which can actually go and pick or help us unlock this project. Okay. That is great. Let us go back and connect with somebody as well. And we can add the team. Once we solve this problem, they can come in eventually and they can plug into us. But it will be a single pipeline where basically you want to automate the entire CSAB pipeline using AI. So that's the chart. OK. All right. Please continue. OK. And Anupam, did you answer your question? Maybe I'll check again with you. Sure. Not entirely sure. Not completely. Fine. OK. We'll chat again later on. Yeah. All right. So what I'm showing here is, so just clicking on the link that Devakar that you sent to us to this. So every time you click this, it first comes up with this, with single sign-in. And of course, that's fine. Just to confirm, I am connected to the VPN. So from here I'll click login and then yeah I get this Every time the setup... I'm still logging there, yeah? And I've got it to my phone, so I'll do do it. Once this pops up. Okay? Yeah, this is the... So it takes me to this, and then it says that I have to add in another option. You already had the deal, right? Right, right. So I got that set up with the support team whenever we onboarded. You can go to the back and log in or something? Okay. So you got stuck here? Yeah, the infinite loops here. And do you add the Touch ID on your account as well? So I have added that on the laptop, and this will make me a thank you. Do it again, that's fine. It's that whenever I try to add something new, the only option that shows up, and you'll see this in a moment when it goes back to the devices page, the only option it gives me is for that physical security key. So if I, for instance, click, it says log in fast with Touch ID, do a pushing one. add a device, it only gives the option for a security key. I think I have security. I have some small device which I add actually to my laptop. Yes. I just think you have the same thing too, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah. But I don't have it, it still works for me as well. Yeah. Yes, because I think these I used to use even for the airspace and defense things they're like I think they're called Fido It's like a physical button. It looks like a USB drive. Yeah, but without that you should be able to solve this problem. Okay, I think you should raise an anti-case. Okay. Yeah, I can do that and then probably the next question for that would be You can call them. You can call them. There's a number, they give you one and then you can use that one and they'll go and contact you all the way back because your back is working. I just want to make sure I wasn't crazy if I've got everything else. All right, so this was one. I think the other one is around DeepSight and kind of two things there. One would be, and I'm assuming probably the GitHub access is a prerequisite to that, but one would be access to DeepSight itself if we want to build on that. The other would be probably that any work that's already ongoing to get some insight into that so we can build on it and kind of take off from there. I think that's what you had mentioned earlier, but if that changes, that's okay too. No, no, it is there, so I think, right, so wait for this weekend, okay? We are, we are, we're releasing, I think we need to regroup one more time and define the, what about the milestones as well as what we want to achieve and what we want to automate. And I think the worker, you had some initial history that you had. Can you put that in the web space? You remember you had that? I think, yeah, that information is sent to other people, right? I think, yeah, I can just put it in the web space. Let's put it in the web space, that way it is still coming. We can refer it and get it. Yeah, yeah. So, Colin, one thing what we need to do is, first we need to define what we want to achieve. As we said, high level, one is from the user point of view, what we want to solve for the user, which is anything with respect to the pipeline, any question, they should have a single place where they go and it's like a self-service to an AI. say where is my PR, how is it stuck, how do I unblock it, can you unblock it or whatever, the AI means all of that. The second problem is the build and infrastructure pieces that are powering all this stuff. And how do we monitor them, basically make everyone's life easy so that we have something auto restart model and whatnot. So in both these models, there are few guys are there. As I said, that is So we already have a few applications built. So we have again we need to get together as a team to see what Justin has it because they are also building something in parallel. We have something in parallel and we need to look from user point of view to say how do we expose this. the system so that it is very easy for them as a single landing page, not like go multiple places for the same information or bits and pieces of information. So we need to basically come up with a user model, I mean user consumption model. Once we know what is the user consumption model, now we need to go and find out what are the typical problems that the teams are facing today to make their life easier. Our goal is basically if I raise a PR with minimum disruption, assuming the engineer has done the right job, the entire PR should get merged as fast as it can. And we will do whatever is needed to make that happen. I mean, that's the end of it. In between, if a user has a question, he should be in leverage AI to ask a question and doesn't have to talk to any human being in the world. He should be only talking to the system. Or system has to guide him, one of them. Whether he go to the system, or system will guide him saying that, I'm taking this next step, is it OK? Kind of thing, right? Right. Agentic way, both ways. It's both ways. Depending on the user behavior, they can pick one other way. let the user figure it out what they want. We don't have to dictate. That system has to do both ways. So that's the thing. So how do you go with this product? So now for you to come on board, you need to understand, of course, a little bit on the deep side, number one. We'll help you on that piece. Then we need to define what that consumption model should look like as a user point of view, both agentic and non-agentic mode. The other one is the what are the sources for this AI to work meaning we have the we already have The artifacts that are there today in our build infrastructure are in the CI CD pipeline And we need to go figure it out How they are maintained today? Is it a few database if it is what kind of database they are? And if they're just database, should we create an MCP autofill? Or if there's an MCP already built, how do I leverage it? And look at all the tool calls that the, if there's an MCP already there, they need to go evaluate all the tool calls it supports. And then now we know the user requirement and these tool calls we need to go map and say that, okay, is this tool call enough to solve the user mix? If not, what additional tool calls we need to do? If MCP exists, if MCP does not exist, we need to go figure it out, take the database source as an input source and say now how do I create a tool calls around. Now there are two ways to look at it, the problem statement. One is we statically create these tool calls or use AI to basically create a generic tools so that we enable agentic workflow. Because we want to overlay two models. One is the user-driven, another is agentic workflows. So when we design these tool calls for the NCPs, we need to make sure that both these things are overlayed together. Because this is a overlay functionality on top of the backend data services. So that, this entire thing, we need to basically look and figure out what we need to do. Now, as a starting point, at least in my mind, is that Anpama and Diwaka, on this entire team, they do a lot of support on one of the Webex space called the CI workflow, right? Diwaka, your streamline, everything. Is it the... We have an XO CI workflow, right? That's the main... We have a Webex space and people usually ask questions over there and we pick up that one. And we take it from there. There's one space over there. Sometimes people reach out to what we email, but we do ask them to put that questions into the space. So one starting point, Colin, what you need to do is I will add you to there. What you can do is you can create a simple webex. I think Naga already has created, I think. You can reach out to him or I'll connect with you. We have a plugin. where you can download the entire content of this web space once you are in and then you summarize the issues what the users have been facing so long and you can rank them in the order of security, prioritization and what not. That will give us the entire team a list of issues where we want to get started. That will tell us what are the typical pain points that the users are facing today and then that will tell us how do we oppose it. But if not you can basically the idea is Given a Webex space, you should be able to download the content. There's a Webex space API. It's a very simple thing. Within one hour you can get a plugin. You don't have to even ask anyone also. There's a Webex plugin is there outside that Cisco has already published. Given a Webex space, technically you should be able to download the entire chat content and then you can use AI to basically summarize the issues and get the list of issues. That will be your starting point. because this is a culmination of all the user requests putting there for the past, let's say, six to eight months. So email and all, if it is there, that will crunch it separately, but this piece will give us 80% of the issues that the users are facing. So this will be a starting point to find out what are the typical issues that users are facing. And once we know what type of issues, then we'll figure it out. How do you serve them? Both agenting and non-agent. Maybe that would be the first task where you can start along on I'll connect you with you Naga in a email or webex space And then you can reach out to him if he has not think then you guys can develop it is like yeah, but not to our Job, it's not it will not take much time Yeah, make it as automatic as possible so that way we can use it in other webex pages as well. We already have it, but I don't know that we committed it because we did so many purposes in the last few months. It should be there, Nara should have it, so just go to them here a little bit. And another thing is, as a part of webex, we also have a plugin to take the recording, that is recording, and dump the notes and summarize it. Okay. So there are two plugins I want to create. By the way, when we give a job to you, don't assume that it will be only used for CACD. Of course. It will take your help to create plugins in a way that can be consumed in other platforms. Yes, yes. And that was the day when I was telling you also when we got started on this first meeting, if you remember. So I'll first come up with you now. If it is, if he has committed the code, we'll take it up from there. Otherwise, we wanted to create two plugins. One is, given a, many weapons. I want you to be able to dump the recording, get the transcripts, summarize it, and extract the action items. Depending on the prompt, it will do the job. Other one is, given the workspace, it will dump all the information and get the top summary issues like this one period. And both will be seeded with the prompt, and that prompt can be changed depending on What use case? So maybe one question for this. It's basically because we can do this, no problem. And I can show you maybe one thing that we've already built internal in case that's already what you're thinking. Because if we do, that's going to be really easy for us to stand out quick. One question for you that we do internally at Bay 1. So my team will have meetings just like this. And it's kind of the equivalent of the issues chat like that. So we have the automation actually go and create even GitHub issues automatically. That goes downstream to a much more involved workflow that's agentic, so it's the same as probably what we want to do here. Simple things can get resolved automatically. More complex things need some human oversight, at least to the plan, if not for the execution. It's obviously not to go too crazy into it right now, but is that something where you want to persist this so you can do Q&A on it, keep some track, even after the initial push? to cover. Is that something that's useful to the team? they'll be adding new questions, new set of issues, so many things, right? So you need to have a way to continuously monitor it and extract it and put it in a separate database so that you de-loop also, not just that, because the same duplicate question may be asked by the user. So I want to do a de-loop. So eventually, we need to, it'll become like a question and answer kind of thing, a FARC equivalent, right? So some of the question is very static answer. for a given question is static, always a static answer, but for some question you need to probe a database. Some issues you need to probe a database with AI. It could be a combination depending on what that fact will look like. So you need to basically have a way to continuously monitor, de-do it, like a small pipeline, right? Like through an air flow or something, we figure it out, what does it look like. But a continuous monitoring... and redo the data and categorize in a way we can be consumed by the downstream pipelines so that part we need to create it but yeah you're right you are getting the right thing what I had in mind I'm not going nearly there. First gate, first gate. To get started, you need something, right? Well, we'll surprise you. That's my goal. Yeah. But yeah, that's what we have in mind. And we have created a bunch of pipelines like that behind the scenes right now. But you're right. You're thinking the same way what I'm thinking. But I want you to get started somewhere. That's where this will help. OK. Then maybe the other thing that we can do, we can definitely do it. Whatever your preference is, my suggestion would be airflow. If we can do things with Airflow, especially for things like this, where it's continuous monitoring. Airflow, yeah, we are using Airflow. So, yeah, we love Airflow. Yeah, that is easy to manage and also easy to deploy in so many other ways. Yes. We'll do that. So yeah, if that's something, so, and it's... completely up to you I mean we we can even do our own even POC like standalone airflow instance just with Docker or Podman or something or if there's an existing one that you want us to tack on to it we can do that too. Just we have it already some of the airflow tags already established okay so I don't want to create yet another parallel and monitor that. Yeah. So we'll just leverage what we have. Sounds great. Easy? Yeah. Okay, those will not take us long. I will tell you that, so we'll be hungry. Yeah, we know that. That's what I'm saying. These things are very simple things. They should be pretty fast. And by the way, you said you have 15 members, right? How many team members are there? So, two I'm sure that are accessible to you any time. The moment you tell them to be in the office, they're in the office. They're all based in San Jose, right near Cisco's campus. Both of them live within 15 minutes. The other two are in India, but they're working in PST hours. So these team members who are in San Jose, they are full-time for this project? Full-time for this project, yes. Can they be with us in the office? Yes, yes. As soon as any days that you want them in the office, they can be there 40 hours a week in the office if you want them. Or if you want them like every Tuesday, I know everyone's in the office on Tuesdays. Can you share their profiles of these two guys at San Jose? Yes. They also understand their strengths and weaknesses. You know, I think you'll really like them. So one now, of course, I'll put these in the chat one person expert for Let's say large-scale Adjunctic operations and airflow. That's one person the other person's your MCP land graph any kind of integrations that kind of thing so even just the two Onshore people you have a lot of depth right there for the upper foot, but I'll send you the process. Yeah, just send me the resume and I want to understand their strengths and then probably, how do we pull them in? Okay, first give them this task initially, get this thing going, and they can build an air flow, then I'll give you our stuff, and just then you can start deploying there. I'm not really worried, first I want to get the problem statement right, because when we go to Anand, I want to make sure that And it is also comfortable on the problem that we are trying to solve. So first we want to get the outcomes. That's why I said I started with outcomes. I want to define what the outcome should be, high level, and then back end systems can change. And I want to develop these pieces that can be leveraged anywhere else. And we have a huge roadmap in mind. So I want to leverage your team to build some of these pieces of puzzles. so that we can automate the end to end down things. So that's the idea. We're excited to be partners here. All right, so we are sending the profile. I'll take a look. You got the action item to start us getting the issues. And from the infrastructure and the build, so one question for Anpoma. Anpoma on the coordinate process, right? How many database are there behind the scene and what kind of database do we have? exposed right now right we have the API but the database is not exposed and I'll have to discuss I can share more details offline first sure sure sure we can we can talk but yeah we need I mean, two ways. The events can help us or if the events does not help, they need to expose the database and we'll create our own stuff. So, that's the bottom line. I know there may be some people issues and organization issues and so many other things that may be there, but we need to figure it out a way. I mean, this way or that way. We need access to the work. Basically, the DB. Sure, sure. Yeah, let's talk offline. Sure. Yeah. I understand. I understand that maybe some reservations may be there, but yeah, we'll chat. And Justin, from your side, I know we have databases, but you're also building MCP priority, right? Justin, can you give us a quick dump, what do you have? Yeah, so we have the official builds. all that we have a database for that, MySQL. And then our MCP, we have some basic things like we can call and get the latest QA-turning rate, which Bill is the most recent. And we can also have some sanity results that also gets posted to our databases as well. But we can check those things as well. So, Justin, do we have any? I mean, I can tell like it is a Cassandra. But again, for exposing it, I will discuss with you. Sure, I want to understand. I know there have been people issues, so many ordination boundaries, so many things, but we'll chat. But we need to unblock for the end of the demo. We can take our own cell and we can have... Whatever is needed, but we need to get the data exposed. Anyway... So Justin, sorry, from your side, your database you have in Justin? I mean currently in the building? Yeah, yeah. We have it on MySQL. On MySQL, yeah. So for all the official nodes, we keep track, you know, every time that it's triggered, status, like we pass, fail, all that. The logs and stuff all go to an NFS location, so the logs are not in a database or anything, but they're also in NFS. So, for example, if the user has a build failure, ideally you should be able to take that log in NFS, put it in a DB query, and it's just doing something, something like that, right? Yeah, so it's an official build fans will handle long we should figure out but the actual criteria status and other artifacts, other than the log, other artifacts inside in the database for the state machine, right? But the logs are assumed in the sense like they are only, because these logs are due, they're logged, sanity logged, so they are stored on NFS, consumed by the engineers, and the sanity system, like the integers, and then they are, Basically that space is retained after three days, five days like that. We have policies. So, I think one thing what you need to do is you need to adjust in offline and understand what the build up will look like. What is the structure and typical size of a full build and a user build. So we are trying to solve two problems. Nightly as official, there's something called official build. Another is the user build. Official build meaning you're taking the commits that has done for the entire day by 1000 engineers and they're doing well. You're accumulating so many APIs and building, obviously there's a build failure. So we need to go figure it out as a build failure and say, okay, which got failed. And what are the next steps? Should we back out the PR? Should we do anything? Or what is the suggestion? So that is one part of the problem. The same build-off can be generated when the user is committing his own PR. He may be also making some mistake. So end of the day, passing out the build-off and finding out two things. One, how do we fix the build issue versus what PR committed to the, what PR caused the build. Need to be Basically is a single problem. Yes. One is more than one PR same build one single PR same build, but log file is same. Mm-hmm. Yes, you need to properly just in to say Understand like what this log will look like What is a typical log size and you can come up with a design on how do we pass it or how do you want to tackle it all? Yes, absolutely and maybe even for that we could also If we do that, and even if they disappear after some time, and there's a constant refresh of them, essentially, we can still distill them down after we extract the content out, get it in structured format, preserve that for some time historically. We will have to do it in the real time, right? Yes. They will fail, analyze, get the data, right? Or maybe whatever architects needed for the long time, copy them out, and then leave the space. We can vote on the vote. But the key thing is we have to build out. Basically which PR cause issue can we know from the PR which engineer cause issue then alert the build guys to say hey. Can you undo this PR or whatever? Or put a point in message to the guy. So many things can be done from the just the build-off failure analysis itself. But first you need to understand what the build-off will look like. Right, right. So, Justin, you are the right person, right? Yeah, yeah. So, we already have like a song like we're, you know, like where we parse, you know, the important, right? The logs are sometimes here. So, figuring out and drilling down, so we have some tools. Yeah, we have some things where we can even use AI and it comes up with like a decent fix basically. I don't think we have anything for finding which commit costs to build. We haven't done that yet, but figuring out how to fix the issue and stuff we have. But the key things, Colin, whatever we do, the inference costs are going higher. Yes, of course. The products has already increased by 4X. We'll pass one more to this one. This has an FI if you don't know. Yeah. So I don't want to throw a bin log and say, what is it? So you know, one of my screening questions for these interviews for the team is exactly that. I screened you on the same question on the first day. I was on the phone. So I'm telling you know my requirements are right you can solve a problem in many ways but the question is solve the problem in a right engineering way is where what I'm looking yes so you know my requirement but Justin may have something but the key thing is first understand what is out there then we will work with Justin if required to redesign some of it or or pull off it or add more with the existing one. But I want to leverage whatever the team has done as much as possible and see what we can do and what we should be learned about it. So please have one call with Justin and have a report and say, you know exactly what the structure of a log will look like. And then you understand the pieces of it and how to invoke a build like that manually on your setup. Basically, understand into your life. If I'm an engineer, how do I build it? Where do I see the log? What the build will look like? What a failure really means? Just understand the structure, some parts from Justin. Even if you do a couple of meetings with Justin, it will not harm. Because you get the full view from him. Then after that, we'll step back and say what the design should look like and move forward. So we'll be in line with you when you're designing so that we don't waste time and make the right decision. understanding is important before I say sir because if you don't understand I say Colin let's do it you don't know why why are we doing this it does not make sense right right but if you if you are also know the action artifacts then we can do a better judgment Yeah, and on my side, I'll make that as painless as possible. And even from the logs, the moment we have something, we'll be able to immediately test out some things within probably a day. So we'll be able to give some early education. Just work with him. Understanding takes time. So just try to spend time with just one or two meetings and get that very quickly. And then understand what he has or that will regroup and take it forward. Okay, perfect. All right, I think any other questions, I think. I want to have all of us to be there. I'll make it a record meeting maybe twice, I mean two times in a week. Same set of audience. And we'll pull in other set of audience as required as the meeting moves faster. And if you are required, you can get your other engineers also. So that way we get to interact with them and build some rapport, right? So that we can get them. I don't want them to be ideal. Either they do this project or some other project. I don't want them to be ideal because, yeah, you know, I mean, we run very fast. So sometimes we may be waiting for some information on some project. Let's say we have... waiting on some other organization to bring some information. I don't want to lose a day or two, right? I mean, just waiting. So if you can assign, if I know what, if you are, if you are, if they are working with us in line, then we'll say, hey, can you do this job, right? Something like that. From both ways. Yes. Okay. Yes. Absolutely. And I, even for us where I won't let them be idle, I'll say that. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. A lot of work on the deep side also. Yes. So much stuff to be done. And probably we'll take your help there also. We'll see how it goes. We're excited. And I felt bad. I'll be honest with you. I know it's April now. So I want you to know we're eager to make up for any missed time that we had from the procurement side. I know. I mean, I mean, we were hoping that you guys will come onboard months early, but it's OK. It is what it is. But I think we should move fast now that you guys have. Just work with the IT team, get the laptop, other issues resolved. Then talk to Anpama to get the next code base access. She's the one who helps us and then we'll take it home. Perfect. Exciting. Thank you. Thank you. Have a great weekend. Later, I'll be here. I'm good, we can.