Transcript
March 30, 2026, 1:59PM

Saurav Kumar Mishra   0:25
Hi, Scotty. Hi, Sridhar. Good evening.

Askari Sayed   0:33
Saurav Faishik or good evening.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   0:38
Maybe.

Srikar   0:39
Hey, Sarah.
Good evening.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   0:44
Good evening.
Let's wait a couple of minutes for Colin.

Colin Moore   2:35
Hey, everyone. Good morning. Good evening.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   2:41
Yeah. Hi, Colin. Good morning.

Askari Sayed   2:42
I'm calling. Good morning.

Srikar   2:44
Hey, Golin. Good morning.

Colin Moore   2:45
And Srikar, my sincere apologies to you. I know it is super early for you.
So, so thank you for joining. I I saw the the time and I was like, Oh my gosh, I should have shipped to this an hour in the future. But anyway, thank you for for accepting and joining anyway.

Srikar   3:03
No problem. I was actually waiting. You informed me on the Friday, right? So I was, uh, prepared and waiting. No problem. Yeah.

Colin Moore   3:06
OK.
Awesome. Well, well, for everyone, I'll make sure you know, especially in terms of time zones that we get something. I think right now what it's like 7:00 AM for you, Srikar. So I I think probably 11 EST or 8:00 AM PST will be our sweet spot for meeting. So going forward, I'll adjust the meeting.

Srikar   3:23
Yeah.

Colin Moore   3:30
Things to that kind of a cadence and of course next week Namita will join us as well.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   3:37
OK.

Colin Moore   3:38
So she'll be with you in in person in the Cisco offices in in California.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   3:38
OK.

Srikar   3:44
Right, yes.

Colin Moore   3:48
Well, OK, we are four or five people on this project, so I'm glad I have almost everyone here today. Now Namita, our our final person that is on this team, she's just finishing up her H1B process. So it took her a couple extra days than we had anticipated, even with us expediting that process.
Uh, but she'll get involved with everything. Uh, probably starting next week, so she just needs some extra time to complete her her visa and everything like that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   4:17
Again.

Colin Moore   4:18
All right. But now for for everyone on this call, welcome. I know Saurav, Askari, we've already, Saurav, of course, we've met Askari, we we've met a few Times Now and Srikar, we got to spend some time together in person last week, but for the first time we're all together on this call. So maybe for for all of you, I think.
Srikar, maybe you can introduce yourself to to Saurav and Askari, and we can just do that as a very quick round of intros. Nothing fancy. We'll just go through this quickly so we can kind of get to know each other before we get started on talking about what we're going to do this week.

Srikar   4:55
Thank you. Thank you so much. So hi everyone. My name is Srikar. So I previously worked as a AI engineer and before that like I worked on computer vision systems. So I'm currently in San Francisco Bay Area.
So I moved here like recently and I've been here in US like around two years and previously I was in like Bangalore. I worked as I worked there. It's really, really exciting.
To be here on this project with Colin and others. So yeah, really excited to be on the team. Yeah. Thank you.

Colin Moore   5:42
Awesome. And then, uh, sorry, Vanessa, do you mind, uh, quickly saying something real quick?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   5:46
Yep, sure. So hi Shrika, really looking forward to working with you. So I've been working as AIML engineer for Bevin for around like I think in two months I will be completing my first year. So I am also pretty new here and.
Yep, I have around 3 plus years of experience building AIML solutions. Mainly it was regarding document intelligence and business process automations and before that I have been like involved and working for as like freelancer for around.
two years. So yeah, really looking forward to working with you.

Askari Sayed   6:32
Yep, thank you. Ashika, Askar side. So I've been working in and around over five years now. Three, if you're into and two with the proper data like proper ML side, modeling side. So I've been currently involved with Ultradex Cement working as the lead AI engineer there.
And apart from that, I've done my masters in data science and big data analytics and looking forward to work with you.

Colin Moore   7:01
Awesome. Well, I'm I'm excited to see all of you work together. I have to say that I think this is a lot of very, very smart people on this call and a lot of complimentary skill sets. So this team, I had the luxury of picking everyone kind of by hand for this project. So I'm thankful for that, but it's going to be.
A lot of fun to see everyone work together on this on my side, so I'll of course be right there with you.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   7:26
Yeah.

Colin Moore   7:26
Um.
But what I'll do to to start us off today is I'm gonna quick recap kind of what we talked about originally and where where we're gonna go with Cisco for the solution side. And what you'll find is just like we kind of went at a high level overview of what the problem statements were. So we've all done that together. I mean definitely had different sessions, but.
At this point, we've all done that together. I'm going to introduce at a high level what we're going to cover for the solution itself and what we'll do for that. And then we're going to talk about what we actually need to get done this week and what the next three weeks are going to look like as well.
So at this point, I think everyone here has Cisco hardware and I think Srikar, you only have Cisco hardware, not Bay one hardware just yet.

Srikar   8:17
Yes, Colin, I have to talk to Rahul and get it like on when I'll be meeting Rahul.
No, tomorrow, maybe, maybe tomorrow or Wednesday, so I'll be getting it back as well.

Colin Moore   8:28
OK, Nope.
No, no problem, no problem. And So what I'll do is I'm going to start a couple of things because Srikar won't be able to join us on teams until that happens. Right now he can join as a guest, of course, but he has a Cisco e-mail, not a Bay one e-mail. So we'll have to get that set up. You know, of course your Bay one account will be resolved in a couple of days here. I can even do that.

Srikar   8:45
And.

Colin Moore   8:52
Myself with IT is dragging their feet. Um.
But what we'll do is we'll, I'll set something up on Cisco Webex for us as well. So we have a channel there too, so we can have both. Primarily once everyone has their Bay One hardware, we will plan on keeping our kind of private team discussions on teams.
And then use Webex for anything, whether we're talking to Cisco people for or anything where it makes logical sense to have it in in Webex. But primarily we'll keep our side, our Bay one side in in teams. That way you know we have a good separation of visibility from the Cisco end.
And that way also, you know, we don't accidentally share things that we shouldn't, but we'll get that set up.
In the coming week, but just to recap with everyone real quick and we can get in right into talking about solution side and then right into talking about this early stages.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   9:39
Thank you.

Colin Moore   9:52
So to recap, everyone remember this very scary picture.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   9:57
OK.

Colin Moore   10:00
So again, ugly picture describing the CICD workflow for for Cisco's team that we're going to be helping. This is what we talked about. This is one that, you know, I would kind of commit this to memory, at least to the high level. What's going on here? I know we've talked about this in detail, so I'm not going to go too crazy here.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   10:01
Yeah.

Colin Moore   10:18
But just as a, you know, final thing before I launch into actually talking about what we're going to do about the problems they're having, are there any questions so far on kind of just the, you know, basic background of the problem from anyone?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   10:35
Nope, basics are clear.
Yeah.

Askari Sayed   10:41
Yep, I guess basic is clear so far.

Srikar   10:41
Yeah.

Colin Moore   10:44
OK, good. It's always a good thing. So let me stop sharing and then I'll share back again. I just want to make sure that this is showing properly.
Let me share my screen one more time and we'll talk solutions now.
OK, just let me know when you can see.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   11:11
Yeah.

Srikar   11:11
Yeah, we can see here.

Colin Moore   11:13
OK, so a couple of things. So I want to 1st just call out there the six areas total that we'll be addressing for this project.
Now the the cadence for this and the goal from the Cisco perspective is we have about, you know, let's say a year total to complete all this work. Will it take us a year? Absolutely not. But just so we know, we do have some time padding.
Where we are missing on time padding right now, and I'll share that just with everyone candidly, we had originally expected this project would be kicking off in, let's say, the beginning of January.

Srikar   11:40
Mhm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   11:52
Yeah.

Colin Moore   11:54
Now of course that can't happen for a multitude of reasons, but the primary one being that Cisco didn't finish on their end. A few things that would have allowed us to start back then. For instance, I myself only got hardware last week.
So no possible way that we could have even started on anything. They're aware of that. But you have to understand as the client, they're going to be antsy as our normal schedule for deliverables. I have these set for you know quarter by quarter would have been April 30th month from today.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   12:20
Mhm.

Srikar   12:26
OK.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   12:29
OK.

Colin Moore   12:30
Now that does not mean that we are going to slam everything into April 30th for that would be normally done in in three months. Not possible, but that does mean that they are going to get antsy. And the way that contracts like this work, if you're not familiar, is the client has to renew them every quarter.
So basically a we get money to for all of us to work every quarter.
Don't worry if let's say worst case scenario, for some reason a lightning bolt comes and hits me in the temple and you know I'm out of the picture. That does not mean anything for us. Everyone here is a day one employee first and foremost. So put it this way, your employment is not contingent on this Cisco contract.
But certainly it's not hurt by it either. Helps to offset all the cost for us as a department. So what what we're going to talk about today, keep in mind that the timeline for this is not April 30th for Q1 deliverable.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   13:19
Pardon.

Colin Moore   13:29
But it also does not mean that we have until June 30th to show progress.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   13:30
OK.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   13:36
So for for anything like this, these are high visibility projects. The more visible work we show and the faster that gets out there, even if it's small, even if it's just, you know, like let's call it a heartbeat rather than a finished product, that is the best.
That's what they're going to be looking for. So they can see, OK, even though we got a late start, these guys are, you know, jumping right into action and showing some progress in even the small amount of time before that renewal date. So that's that's what I'll say to start out. For the rest of this, I'm going to keep talking about it like the timeline.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:03
Thanks.

Colin Moore   14:11
And then once we get to the end, I'll say here's specifically what we're gonna try to get done in this next month and even in the, you know, immediate items in this coming weeks. Sound good?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:20
Mm-hmm. Yep.

Colin Moore   14:24
All right, so six capability areas not in order in any particular order developer box, which is again, we're just referring to simply this blue box.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:36
Mhm.

Srikar   14:36
Blue box, yeah.

Colin Moore   14:36
And specifically visibility around this box.
Date failures.
Things that go across the pipeline, AKA all these different disparate services that are all a part of CICD.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   14:49
Mhm.

Colin Moore   14:52
Coverage tracking. When we say a unit test has good coverage, what does that really mean and how do we use AI to rate good unit tests?
Self healing. This is, as I've told all of you, the dangerous one with an asterisk. Even though it's definitely within our realm of expertise, it's not one that we want to take lightly.

Srikar   15:00
OK.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   15:05
Mhm.

Srikar   15:09
OK.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   15:10
Yeah.

Colin Moore   15:11
And lastly, branch health which is more visibility, automated attribution and follow up for this.
So the road map for this looks like Q1, which is the immediate scope, is doing our discovery as well as these two items. And what you'll find is we have these are not super complicated items themselves.
Before I start going into this, I'll I'll preface by saying, you know, everyone on this team has a lot of crossover with what you know, which is a good thing, but you also kind of each bring something unique to the table. For instance, I'll I'll have to.
Call out Namita, even though she's not here today, 'cause the rest of you can talk amongst yourselves, but you'll get a delay from her until next week. Namita is the resident airflow expert.
So for instance, she's an Agentic AI specialist, but her background was in in in Airflow itself as well as Apache Kafka. So you know that's a person on our team with a specialization in the Airflow orchestration that is going to kind of glue all of the different steps together.
So each of you has something like this. So that's a really good thing for this team. That's where I'll challenge you to kind of get to know one another, to know what the strengths are. And you'll see as I assign work, that'll make everything else make sense to us to, you know, what our specializations are beyond just being really good with.
You know these agentic tools.
OK.
So.
Structured discovery phase. This is something where the burden will primarily fall on myself, Srikar and Namita.
The reason being, Srikar and Namita will be on site on Cisco's campus, and since they're local, they have that capability to be there in person for meetings. All of you, you will find that Cisco, it will be a lot more responsive and eager to share once you're in person.

Srikar   17:07
Mhm.

Colin Moore   17:15
Sometimes to get people to even respond to you is a challenge because they're so busy. But once you're there in person, you can definitely get some good FaceTime with people, you know, pull them into a room, have a coffee and get your questions answered.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   17:29
Mhm.

Colin Moore   17:29
For Saurabh and Askari, this does not mean that this is without you in the mix. What this does mean is part of the first bit of teamwork we have to have is communicating any questions you might want to have answered at a reasonable clip. You know, try to deduplicate as we can.
Talk about those with Srikar and Namita so that those questions can get answered because everyone will have different questions from a different angle for discovery. No, we can't overload Cisco, but at the same time it's discovery. So we have to have a lot of new information coming our way as a result.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   18:06
Mhm.

Colin Moore   18:08
So for discovery, and I'll I'll give these to you all in a written format. For discovery, there's a couple of easy questions and I have a couple of those written out. So let me see.
I can pull these.
Not.
Yep. So I already had a ton of questions written down, and the good thing is I got through about half of them, but the other half is not there.
So first and foremost was that I had shared and everyone will have this document is first of all we need to have access to these systems.
Now I told Srikar this last week. You'll you'll see my end. I like to ask for access early.

Srikar   19:01
Right, yes, yes.
Yes, mhm.

Colin Moore   19:08
Because inevitably these will take the most time.

Srikar   19:12
Yeah.

Colin Moore   19:13
Of immediate imortance is this GitHub Enterrise.

Srikar   19:16
Right.

Colin Moore   19:17
GitHub Enterprise Access. That is the only one that's actually needed for the first quarter itself.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   19:24
Mhm.

Colin Moore   19:25
So for this everyone you'll get and This is why I'll set up the Webex channel, so just keep an eye on that one with your Cisco ID. If you have everything set up, you'll be able to see. I will send you all a link to a training that is needed as a prerequisite for GitHub enterprise.

Srikar   19:40
Oh.

Colin Moore   19:44
As I said last week, I have no way to know how much or how little you pay attention to that training.
And I have no requirements from my side in my in my mind. If that training gets completed, I will assume that you paid perfect attention. And if it's a three hour training that you are sitting there for every minute of the three hours and I have no way of knowing otherwise. I hope you understand what I'm saying.
Uh.

Srikar   20:08
Yeah.

Colin Moore   20:09
For us, they're going to have us isolated to our own environment anyway, so it's not really going to matter. But after we've all completed that training, that's the first time we can finally have read access to the repositories to really finally get our first look at the code base.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   20:16
Thanks.

Colin Moore   20:26
So that training will be one of our immediate action items this week to make sure we have that completed so that we can ask for this. And then once we get this, we also can then ask the second question, which is I have the training, I have access to GitHub Enterprise in general.
Now give me access to the specific training or the excuse me specific repositories that are relevant for this project.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   20:49
Mhm.

Colin Moore   20:51
Now for for Srikar and Namita, the trick here is that we're gonna need to kind of keep a map of who's who. And what I mean is that for Cisco, we know we have our major contacts like Srinivas and Anand and and those guys.

Srikar   21:02
Right.

Colin Moore   21:07
But sometimes it's better to have someone closer to the IC level that is just like your info person that can give you, you know, the right information whenever you need it, so you don't have to escalate everything.
So in general, if you hear a name, you'll see what how this is going to work. It's pretty cool. I'll I'll showcase that to everyone towards the end of our call here, but basically if you see a new name.

Srikar   21:20
Right.

Colin Moore   21:34
And you find a new kind of part of the organization. I will show you the mechanism that we're going to use to kind of all stay In Sync and kind of build out our own org chart in a way, not a traditional org chart, but kind of a like I said, the who's who map of you know who needs to help us whenever a given task comes up.
From the Cisco side.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   21:51
OK.

Colin Moore   21:55
Now I started asking a bunch of questions and the good thing is a lot of these got answered.
So these are all across the board. Some of these are more just about high-level project items. Some of them are about specific project details. Over half of these are now answered, so there are a total of.
But 65 questions, we I think we have 18 remaining from my list. So I was able to go whenever I was there in person and kind of hammer them with all these. So I'll be able to whenever I share this sheet, I'll just share the the entire sheet as one and I'll share a separate sheet with this.
Updated with the answers that we have for the first, you know, 2/3 of questions and the remaining questions what they are.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   22:44
Mhm.

Colin Moore   22:46
Reason I'm bringing this up is just have a look at them for sure so that we don't ask them the same question twice.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   22:55
Sure.

Colin Moore   22:57
So the questions for Cisco this first round of questions super easy.
That's just things, uh, that are more administrative than that. Next is on infrastructure and deployment. Uh, we got these answered as well.
And what you'll want to do is understand what these answers are that were given by Cisco when I share them, because that will kind of tell you the story of how deployment's going to go for everything we have for the project.
So things like you know what happens when we need an on-prem server? What database options are available? You know, are we doing this with containers, virtual machines, bare metal? You know, how does this work? So a lot of good questions like that about kind of the current state.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   23:44
OK.

Colin Moore   23:46
The next set of questions. This is exactly that who's who chart that I was trying to allude to.
So we know that they have.
A lot of different paths here. We need to have an actual defined Cisco contact and business owner for those that that is something that we can and myself I will demand from the Cisco side so that we don't get caught up with the project. So for instance like the one person they had raised to us to Bakar.
Divakar was supposed to be our person for Airflow, and yet when I met with him, which he didn't respond to my emails for three weeks, when I met with him, he said I don't even have anything to do with Airflow. I'm here for Basel and Jenkins.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   24:30
Mhm.

Colin Moore   24:31
I said, OK, well then back to the leadership at Cisco to tell them, hey, you didn't give me the right guy. That's not going to work for me. You know, for this to work for Discovery, Discovery has to have good client involvement. So, but on our end, we'll just have to do a good job to keep up with this chart, keep everything.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   24:33
Yes.

Colin Moore   24:49
Up to date.
And get these people identified. And if we don't know them, that's OK. That's just for me to escalate up to Anand and Srinivas to say, hey, you have to give us a a person to talk to for these.
Identifying contacts, expected availability so that there's some expectation that this is not just an out there leisure thing. We need a dedicated, you know, I said at least 8 hours a week from these people.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   25:17
Mhm.

Colin Moore   25:17
And who's going to be the owner of the owners? And of course, this person's more than likely going to be Srinivas, but someone that helps us with accountability. The worst thing is with a project, if you're sitting there waiting for work, waiting for work, the client's not responding. So we'll step in on our side to block.
The next set of items are completely unresolved.
So for instance, walk through the local dev dev workflow. We will have to do this testing frameworks. How standardized does it vary? We're going to have to find that out by talking to multiple people.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   25:47
Mhm.

Colin Moore   25:56
Telemetry data would be most valuable. That is also going to have to come from multiple people. I I'm going to caution everyone here. Don't just say Srinivas is the boss, he's in charge. You have to talk to IC level and manager level people too, not just the guy that's the head of the show.
Otherwise you won't be able to come up with the right solution. It'll make him happy, but then he'll give it to the team and they'll say this is awful, and then he'll come back and say to us, you didn't do what you were supposed to. So we'll want to get more insights than just one perspective.
On a lot of these.
Same thing for each of the other areas. I'm only going to cover the ones that are relevant for us today, but you're free to read the rest and certainly we'll have to get all the questions answered. But what you'll find is that while we're doing discovery, we don't have to wait and do our our first bit of work until after discovery. We can do it first.
Or we can do it in parallel.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   26:55
Mhm.

Colin Moore   26:56
So for instance, with branch health, you know what problem are we solving essentially is here. If they say they want branch health visibility, what specifically do they need?
And you know, they said they wanted automatic follow-up notifications. What does that mean? What platform? How do you want them? So getting the details of this.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:12
Yeah.

Srikar   27:13
Great.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:15
Yeah.
What exactly for automatic follow up for what issue the PR which they submitted or anything as new issue or something?

Colin Moore   27:29
Exactly, exactly. And and that's on them to define. You know, a lot of the times they'll say, you know, they'll make it very general and if that happens, just let me know. So if someone says you tell me or if someone says you know this and that and it's not, I'll put it this way, if it's not collaborative.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:32
S.

Colin Moore   27:47
Or if it's like, you know, I don't really care about this, you you go do it, that won't work. Just let me know and I'll escalate on my site.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:48
Mhm.
Yes.

Srikar   27:55
Yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   27:57
Yeah, because like if they are looking for something at a basic level, so suppose whatever tool they are using, you know for example if they want to check branch health etcetera, they already have like GitHub enterprise and that should be like properly visible over there if they just go ahead and check it.
Similarly for Webex and Jira also you do get like notification. So what exactly type of follow up identification they want? I think it may be kind of like create a background automated process based on the different type of notification.
They are receiving in their inbox, maybe.

Colin Moore   28:42
That's that's right and and I think the the two parts to it is #1. If it seems obvious and they don't have it, my my advice to everyone would be don't make it sound like it's just like, oh, just flip a switch.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   28:42
It.
Mhm.
Yep.

Colin Moore   28:56
Because The thing is, if they don't have it and it's easy, then that means that they're totally unaware of it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   29:02
Mhm.

Colin Moore   29:02
And that's still a good thing for us, because even if this ends up being like a a very simple thing that we can just enable for them, we want to kind of keep that close to us because if they don't have it enabled, that means they don't know about it. They're they're smart people, but they definitely are overburdened with things. So they might be in that mode where they.
For instance, don't have enough time allocated for exploration and kind of optimization and and just doing things the right way. That's something that we can definitely have for them. Now at the same time, they might know about them and might not have them enabled just because they weren't able to satisfy the need.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   29:38
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   29:38
So for instance, like GitHub, yes, absolutely. There's automated notifications for them, but GitHub also loves to spam notifications, so a lot of people turn them off or have them go to a spam folder. And in that case, that might be the exactly sort of what you're talking about, where they kind of want a unified.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   29:47
Mm.

Colin Moore   29:56
Back end notification system across these tools.

Srikar   29:57
Right.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   30:00
Mhm.

Colin Moore   30:00
And that way they can focus on the high value type work and not get the noise filtered out where you know, hey developer A did 30 commits today. Great, I'm sick of getting an e-mail every time he does a commit or copilot has a comment.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   30:12
Sure.
Yep, right. Maybe like some basic tasks. Uh, task can be like automatically completed based on some airflow automation or something. Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   30:24
Yes.
Now it's same for internal documentation. Now this this is the most important for this green box that we had all talked about. If you recall I was bringing up this issue with the CDT context driven testing and whatever the heck is waiting for us as a surprise inside the 39 gates, yes.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   30:26
Right to me.
Mhm.

Srikar   30:37
Good.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   30:38
Yeah.
39 gates.

Colin Moore   30:47
For that, here's my enforcement. And you have to understand this is not my first rodeo. I know it's, you know, definitely not the first rodeo for some of you too, but everything I ask is meant to be strategic. So if it seems like a stupid question, just know that I have, you know, a chess game going on here.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   31:05
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   31:05
For instance, is there existing documentation on the 39 gates? I already know that there's not. I already know that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   31:11
Yeah.

Colin Moore   31:13
My my point here is to get them to realize that 39 is not needed.
Because sometimes if you, yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   31:20
Even like, yeah. Yep. Yep. Go ahead. Sorry. Sorry.

Colin Moore   31:24
Yes. So when I say like is there existing, I already know there's not. What each gate checks expected input, outputs, common failure modes. Essentially I'm challenging two things with these questions back-to-back. Is there documentation on CDT and how it integrates with the pipeline?
I'm essentially saying, look, you've got two systems in parallel. You say that CDT is perfect and yet you say there's 39 gates. So the assumption would be from a logical person that if you have 39 gates, those are addressing specific deficiencies in the CDT.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   31:57
OK.

Colin Moore   31:57
And effectively what I'm my follow up to this is, is there a plan in Cisco side to fix those things in the CDT so we don't need to have 39 gates?
And this is done with the purpose of trying to get them to say, OK, either we need to internally review these and create less work for our team and look, that's a big value add. We've simplified already or say that these are truly needed and admit that CDT is broken.
OK.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   32:26
OK.

Colin Moore   32:28
So that's the intention here. Um, Sir, what were you, uh, going for?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   32:34
Yep, Yep. So I was thinking about if they are like maybe kind of using CDT as just like a what do you call orchestrator in kind of 39 gates. So it just decides for like out of these 39 gates which.
It should be run for like a particular type of code push or issue right? Yep, we will still need to like check with them like what exactly is happening here.

Colin Moore   33:06
It's a it's a very good question. From what I can tell, they're totally separate systems, but even the way that you ask that makes sense, right? So if we ask them something like that and it's a no, then like I said, strategically, the next follow-up question is why?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   33:11
Mhm.
Yep.

Colin Moore   33:22
You know, like what? Because what we don't want to do and I'll I'll even tell them this, this is a, you know, something that's a good value add for us. We again partner, not vendor. My thing from an AI perspective is this is technical debt.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   33:33
Mhm.

Colin Moore   33:37
And we should absolve this, if at all possible, before we try to, you know, create a solution that has to integrate both. Because if one's, you know, just a Band-Aid, why not just do the surgery and and do the fix properly?
Um, instead of trying to build an AI system, that's gonna try to work with two systems that should be working together anyway.
So.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   34:01
Yep, like even if like we try to do it like both of these separately. So there are like 39 gates plus the CDT itself, the document if we want to like keep the documentation up to date and like what you call maybe like in future.
There may be like a couple of more dates added or removed or something changes. So to keep all those documentation updated and then to make sure that the CDT also knows about all of this. So that itself is like what you call overhead that should not be there.
In any case.

Colin Moore   34:41
Yes, yes, agree, agree.
So and then here to the internal developer standards or contribution guidelines. Now think of it from the other side. So this is the side for the review. What about from the developer's perspective? This is essentially the same as me saying, do I know what's expected of me at work?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   35:01
Yep.

Colin Moore   35:02
Are those gates visible and made clear to the depths? Are they things that make sense?
Or is it just like the whim of one manager on his team?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   35:13
Yeah, and maybe it's just GitHub Enterprise training.

Colin Moore   35:20
Right, right.
And the good thing is we'll take that ourselves so we'll get to see the truth of it.
So scaling metrics. This is by far the most Gray area that we ourselves, from a a architecture standpoint, need to have the most clarity on.
How many PRS are submitted per day week? How many active devs are there at any given point in time submitted? How many branches? How many repos are in school? Average PR merge time? Again, some of these I know that they don't know. If I ask them average current PR merge time whenever they're saying we want to have visibility into GitHub and.
We don't have it today. Of course they're not gonna have this answer.
But the thing for us is you have to remember for any project, we need a baseline first so that we can show a tangible improvement. So if this isn't known by them, the answer isn't like, oh great, we'll just keep going anyway. The thing that I'll give them is hard stop.
Let's do some research and figure out what this is, because of course we can pull that the moment we have access to their GitHub.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   36:25
Mhm.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   36:29
But that gives us a firm baseline. So we can show, you know, with our system in the mix, look, we gave you a 45% improvement.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   36:36
Yep, Yep. But then like he also like one question like do like I assume they might be using some kind of like development tool on their end like we are using cloud code, so maybe something internally or something external.

Colin Moore   36:38
And.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   36:56
External like Claude or or sorry or Gemini or what do you call? I forgot the name for the GPT one codec. Sorry. Yeah so if they are using anything of those sort so that also has work trees enabled and agent.

Colin Moore   37:08
Mhm, mhm.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   37:16
We can take available as agentically we can resolve the issues. So like the number of PRS or the number of issues being closed or created. So that frequency will also like increase after like our system is in place or even like first we will have to check what was.
There earlier now exactly what they are currently using, what is like the increase if they are using work tree. So maybe a user might be able to like submit two or three PRS rather than like a single PR from his end. So we have to consider all of those things also.
Yeah.

Colin Moore   37:57
Yes, yes, for sure. And the good thing is, I mean good and bad now you look at it. My understanding of Cisco is that they have certain tools available to certain people. Overwhelming majority of devs do not have access to what we would consider like a proper agentic tool.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   38:10
Mhm.
OK.

Colin Moore   38:18
Most of their devs, they say that they have access to AI at work and it's GitHub Copilot because they've GitHub Enterprise.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   38:24
Mhm.

Colin Moore   38:26
And even with that, I will tell you just from being there walking around, there are so many people still doing all of their code manually and then just using copilot at the end to say that they did to double check their work or to like help with you know, basic test generation for a single file scope.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   38:36
Mhm.

Colin Moore   38:42
A lot of their teams are not using AI tools today, which is part of the issue for them is just upscaling everyone cuz you have to think they have a lot of incumbent resources at Cisco. But that also gives us a really good way to add some value in even when we talk about what we can integrate.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   38:56
Mhm.

Colin Moore   39:01
As a custom plugin for VS Code.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:05
Yeah.

Colin Moore   39:06
Because, you know, we can.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:06
Like, just in. Yep, Yep, go ahead.

   39:11
So.

Colin Moore   39:11
I was gonna say we can build kind of. I'm not saying recreate codecs or cloud code, but certainly we can give a very light version of that as a way to like triage bugs that happen or you know, gates that fail.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:17
Mhm.

Colin Moore   39:27
We can definitely do our own mini version of that. So in something like open code or something, there are libraries out there. Basically our only responsibility for that and you'll see that is in Q4, so that is far down the pipeline for us.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:40
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   39:42
If they don't all universally have access to one of those tools like you mentioned, so we can say, look, you guys don't need to be trained on this. It's almost like imagine for cloud code, we're just doing custom skills, putting it in a plug in for VS Code and calling it a day.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:47
Mm-hmm.
It.

Askari Sayed   39:58
Yeah, well.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   39:58
Yep.

Colin Moore   39:58
That's that's effectively what it is.

Askari Sayed   40:02
But one more question is here. So recently if we'll see the GitHub has launched its own agent AI platform correct, which automatically verify and do all the sanity checks and generate the test cases for the whatever code we are code base we are using it.
So the point is if if the GitHub is already doing it like a sanity check of everything doing the code solution, can't we just utilize that and on top of that you know build our own like on own customizable agent AI you agent AI code that will.
Help to solve the bug also like some. Sometimes now this that's a paid version of the GitHub GitHub if I'm not wrong. So like a first level of check when the users push the code, the identity care will you know verify the code and everything. The bugs will come. We can directly connect our hook also.

Colin Moore   40:57
Yes, yes, good point. So the answer is of course, of course that's going to be part of whenever we talk about the solution side of this, what we will want to do and once we have access to their GitHub, we'll be able to answer most of this ourselves so we can go to them with the proposal.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   41:07
Mhm.

Colin Moore   41:14
Yeah.

Askari Sayed   41:14
Yep.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   41:14
Yep.

Srikar   41:15
Oh, Askari, you have a quick question. Sorry. So the one you mentioned, this will come after raising a PR or before raising a PR?

Colin Moore   41:15
Right, so.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   41:16
Thanks.

Colin Moore   41:19
Yeah.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   41:30
So I think we have like at both places. So if you remember that whole diagram we had like a blue box which was developer local. So on there we have like a small scale of AI enabled where we will be like checking basic things.

Askari Sayed   41:30
Well, but.

Srikar   41:34
OK.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   41:50
And then the GitHub one is after you have created your PR then we then the GitHub agent like kicks in right?

Srikar   41:53
After you create, yeah, OK, got it.
OK. OK. Got it. Yeah.

Colin Moore   42:00
Now on that one topic though, let's let's look at one thing which is to recognize very easy issue, which is that Copilot is not ideal. Even though yes, it does these things, it is fairly pedantic and it does not review things in the scope of a large repository.

Srikar   42:09
Right.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   42:10
Yes.

Srikar   42:19
Mhm.

Colin Moore   42:19
Use them in the scope of what was changed in that immediate PR. So for instance, half of the things on copilot, if you don't take them in the context of the larger PR or excuse me, the larger code base, sometimes they can be completely wrong or pedantic suggestions.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   42:19
Mhm.

Srikar   42:22
Yeah.

Colin Moore   42:35
For instance, this one's on the PR description. Is that even worth, you know, us fixing with a language model? Of course not. The PR has already been submitted. I'm not going to sit there and say it used the word debug dict and only some steps return it. That's completely.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   42:39
Mhm.
Sure.

Colin Moore   42:50
You know, that's like nightmare manager type thing. So part of what we'll have to do on our side before we say anything or suggest anything is check performance and you know, check performance within the context of their code base because it could happen that you know.
This works perfectly and they don't have much complexity there and everything's good. It could also happen that their code base is extremely large, so these suggestions actually cause more problems than they solve. So that's where we'll have to make that call on our side before we go to them and say, hey, this is already a thing for you, we'll do that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   43:13
Mhm.

Srikar   43:26
M.

Colin Moore   43:28
Investigation as part of our internal discovery.

Srikar   43:32
Mm.

Colin Moore   43:35
Yeah, good question. Good question.
OK, then two last ones, then we'll get to the solution side real quick and talk about the next couple of days. So they said that they have an internal AI code review project going on from a separate team that predates this engagement entirely.
If it's anything like the other Cisco projects, then that means that this is probably 2 smart people that already have 30 day jobs going. I don't believe this is actually going to be a thing, but essentially what I'm going to push to Srinivas is.
If you guys already have a team working on this, we will integrate whatever their solution is, but I want you to make that call 'cause I I don't wanna do things duplicate.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   44:16
Mhm.

Colin Moore   44:22
I'm going to almost guarantee that that team does not have success with this. I have a good idea of what they're doing and how they're doing it. It's going to work for very small code bases only.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   44:23
Yep.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   44:34
But essentially this is what we want to force an issue on, because if we can get ownership of this, then we have very good business for a very long time, even far beyond this project of course.
And the other question would be if you know the inevitable, if this is internal AI code review, how does that work with CDT? How does that work with the gates? What's the plan?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   44:57
Mhm.

Colin Moore   45:00
On CDT side, it's they said it's already solved, already mature for multiple years, but there's 39 dates. How mature can it really be?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   45:10
OK.

Colin Moore   45:10
Um, so we'll get those answers.
Um.
From change management perspective, who in IT do we have to talk to so we don't get our door broken down for deploying tools without permission? You know, what's what does that approval look like?
And for the working rhythm, you know, for us, what do we want to do in terms of deliverables? And obviously we want to show progress, but you know, from a reporting perspective, this is more on my end. So I can set our cadence and say, you know, hey, are we doing one week sprints, 2 week sprints, you know, month long epics, what what are we doing?
Doing here, I'll get these ones figured out with their leadership so we can have the right kind of structure to it.
And you can see over here, I also covered the timeline and alignment. I said, look, we we've got a lot of things going. They wanted to go for, you know, the quarter was January to mid-april, end of April. Obviously we're getting started here at the end of March, so end of April is not possible.
They already have answered this for me. They're gonna be completely flexible with us. I just want to continually remind them, hey, we got a two-month delay because of your end, not because of our end.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   46:25
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   46:28
So a couple of things I said. Here's some blocking items. Here's the priority of the others remaining.
What I'll need to all of you to do this week is read over this, and again, I'll share the updated version in addition to this one so you can see their answers and responses back to these that I captured. If there's anything that is missing or anything you want to know during discovery, what we'll do is we'll have a live copy of this. It'll just be probably an Excel file that we can.
And I want to keep it live so that we can kind of deduplicate on each other with questions. So anything that is not covered here that you would like to know during discovery, everyone here has freedom to add whatever you want. And what we will do is we will review them together at the end of the week before we send it over to.
Cisco.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   47:19
OK.

Colin Moore   47:20
OK. So let me quick go through this and then we'll talk about what what's coming up for us this week and in the coming month. So like I said, there's no way that we're going to cram all this into a month, but I do think we'll be able to get majority of it done, at least something to show.
And that's going to be my first bit of advice to everyone. Think about things that we can show quickly, especially from a, you know, progress standpoint. The moment you can show, hey, we got two months behind, but at the same time, you know, we made-up for that.

Srikar   47:45
No.

Colin Moore   47:55
That's a very good thing from Cisco leadership side. They're going to see that and they're going to say, OK, most vendors would have just said, you know, hey, let's restart the timer now. For us, I'm, I'm not worried about this because I intentionally made Q1 light when we talk about discovery plus the two items.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   48:04
Mhm.

Colin Moore   48:14
So here's what I will tell all of you. There's very few decisions here that are set in stone. The only ones that are are because they are actual project constraints, not because they are design decisions made unilaterally by me, with the only exception of.
You know, some of the tools that we use have to be, you know, production ready. Beyond that requirement, there's very few things that are set in stone. So even for instance, you see, I said consolidated dashboard for release leads. You'll notice that I never mentioned a stack, a platform, anything.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   48:45
Mhm.

Colin Moore   48:45
And likewise for developer box, I keep saying system, I keep saying very high level things, but I haven't used anything specific that is for us to think through and have discussions on this week itself.
We want to focus our effort on this one, but just like any project, you should also know what's coming down the pipeline to make sure that what we do in Q1 isn't going to conflict with something we would want to do in Q3.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   48:59
OK.

Colin Moore   49:13
So this is, this is that balance between the, you know, Yagni principle and actual planning. You know Yagni, you aren't going to need it versus you're going to need it someday in the immediate future. So don't put yourself at a, you know, disability by not addressing it whenever you are able to the first time, but also don't make it overcomplicated too early.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   49:19
OK.
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   49:34
So the two things are fairly easy, and here's where we have to think. For developer box, we want to be able to capture on the local thing before a PR ever gets submitted. This is at the commit level, most likely.
What tests are actually run?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   49:50
Mhm.

Colin Moore   49:54
You know, how are we able to capture that and track it at a developer level?
Think about this, even from like what we can do inside of GitHub. This is where we can have like, let's say, custom hooks into each developer. I mean, they're going to have to install things on their machine for this to work. Of course, there's no way to do it otherwise.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:06
Mhm.

Colin Moore   50:14
But just start thinking about what you could capture before formal items are ever submitted, because you have to imagine there's a lot of different dev styles. Some people, you know, do commits all the time, some people do commits once a week, and basically a commit is a PR for them.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:31
Mm-hmm.

Srikar   50:31
Right.

Colin Moore   50:31
So we'll want to think about this from a visibility perspective. And I'll I'll reiterate, this is not a Big Brother project. This is not so that managers can be evil and spy on people. This is really something for our A I systems because this is essentially defining what the hooks are whenever we go to automated triage.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   50:44
OK.
No.

Colin Moore   50:53
And likewise for branch health, this is a dashboard. Is this any different than simply executing GitHub commands on a timer and storing those to a database? No. Super easy. And then This is why I'm saying this will not take us three months to do these two items.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   51:06
Mhm.

Colin Moore   51:10
What we have at the same time though, is that discovery and making sure that we have that needed access. And as I said over here, we need to have some onboarding from the local developers. We need to see what they're actually doing so we don't start going down the wrong path.
When we're talking about in developer box, because Askari, as you said, they might already have things, you know, we don't want to duplicate and, you know, reinvent the wheel here if they already have a system in place that they're simply not leveraging. But getting a good idea of what that landscape looks like, that'll be our job as part of discovery.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   51:36
Mhm.

Colin Moore   51:51
OK, so.
With all that said, let me talk about a couple of of items. So for this week questions #1 #2 completing the GitHub training.
#3 Start thinking about for Q1 within the context of the entire deliverable. Start thinking about ideas for the architecture.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   52:20
Mhm.

Colin Moore   52:20
And this this is where we will do have what I like to call engineering discussions, which are never going to be unilateral.
They are meant to be challenging. I I I've never in my life had an engineering team that hasn't argued at some point. So I'm warning all of you. Everyone is smart here as long as we're all respectful of each other. I don't care if it gets heated. I don't care if you want to argue back and forth as long as you're.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   52:43
No.

Colin Moore   52:49
Respectful about it and no one takes anything personal. We're all good, but I've also.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   52:53
Yeah, at least we live it live in like different localities.

Colin Moore   52:58
Yes, yeah, you can't. You can't throw tomatoes at each other or anything. But having said that, the worst, the worst thing to do is also to just not say anything, just be passive.
That's also a bad thing when it's just one person steamrolling everyone. That's why I'm not deciding everything for everyone out of the gate. I I want you all to have some ownership here. Ownership means you care and the work quality of the output will be much better as a result, so.
You know, get engaged with this for short. You know, if you have ideas, voice them. It's not like we're just going to go with one or the other. For me, you'll find I only shut things down if they're not going to be production oriented. That's going to be it. So if someone says, hey, we're going to run Ollama, I'm going to come back and say I know right now that they.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   53:42
2.

Colin Moore   53:47
I have 750 developers committing at all parts of the day. Olam I got caught it. So the only time I will inherently block something is if it, you know, doesn't work for the project itself. That's really it.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   53:53
Yeah.
OK.

Colin Moore   54:03
So everything else, let's just stay open. Share it. It's if you haven't done that on a team, I know some teams don't work that way and they're very hierarchical. This one's very flat. So like I said, a lot of smart people here, a lot of different areas of expertise and specializations. So the more you share.
The better off I think everyone's going to be from this.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   54:26
And like are we going to meet like Cisco dev team or have kind of a demo for their like dev environment. So at least we know what exactly it looks like on their end for the day of development looks like.

Colin Moore   54:45
Yes, yes. And that that is exactly where I'm gonna go now. So let's let me do this this way.
Now I'll do this at a high level. I'll send over the much nicer version. What I want to do is set up a bunch of discovery calls.
Now here's where I need, uh, all of you to kind of think through your mind a little bit. Remember I said the the questions, um, they were for this week.
Do them in the order that we get the discovery calls. So for instance, one discovery call has to be about local developer workflow.
If we get a a a meeting notice that that meeting is on Wednesday of this week, just make sure you have any questions for that one.
Figure it out before the meeting, if possible.

Srikar   55:41
Yep, Yep.

Colin Moore   55:42
So and if it's if they say Nope, we can't meet on this until you know next Friday, we say fine, then we'll move the other ones up in the priority to get our questions out there first.
OK, so local developer workflow is 1 for the second.
Box it's going to be around.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   56:03
Branching.

Colin Moore   56:09
Branching and ownership and.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   56:12
Mhm.

Colin Moore   56:23
And of course, this is going to include things like we need to talk to the actual owner, because for us to do a lot of the things that we need for even extracting out, there's probably going to be some level of permissions.
We need a service account made that has read access to those permissions so that we can actually go and, you know, use AI to pull information out or even just use a script to pull information out. We're going to need that.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   56:57
Mhm.
No.

Colin Moore   57:01
Careful.
We you're going to need to talk to someone about Airflow to see who owns that and how specifically that works. Of course, I know I've talked about it to everyone. I pushed them to use GitHub Actions for all of this. I said this would GitHub Actions is going to solve about 80% of the total problem right from the start.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   57:30
Is that?

Colin Moore   57:30
They have very strongly rejected that. Again, as I told everyone, it's kind of one of those situations where a senior most person on the team told the team for many years that they don't need GitHub actions and suddenly, you know, now that it's.
Fully mature and able to do this, they would have basically have to admit, hey, I wasted our time for two years developing a parallel system for no reason. That's actually worse. They're not going to do that. It takes a great deal of humility to do, and it seems that's not present.
On that person. So that's why, like for instance, even Airflow itself, I'm like, OK, well you could do all this with GitHub actions for the CIC build steps, deployment steps.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   58:02
Mhm.

Colin Moore   58:14
So I'll I'll say that once more. If I if it seems like something so simple and easy, trust me, we will flag it to them. But at the end of the day, there's not a hill to die on for us. So we'll see about airflow because airflow is the glue that joins up together all of these steps.
And also gives us a way to do automated actions. So even if we're not doing Dags, even if it's essentially like a Chrome job, Airflow is still good for that. So getting access to that early is going to help us, especially even with the dashboard.
Right.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   59:01
But yeah, still like the air pro itself will come into picture when whenever we want to like what do you call create the whole automation and place our web hooks and other like pre hooks et cetera at different places to complete the automation.

   59:01
Right.

Colin Moore   59:18
Right.
So you see this, this will be our discovery meetings the next two weeks. Next one after that is on hosting.
If we have a solution deployed, obviously that we don't want this to run on our local machines.
So how do we actually get things up and running in at Cisco?
Like let's say we need a SQL server. Obviously we will for a dashboard unless they just want the the live data or something like that. Even with live data, we're still going to need to host it somewhere on Cisco's servers. So who to talk to for that? How do we get some autonomy there?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   59:55
Mhm.

Colin Moore   59:58
Autonomy is always going to be my goal when we talk about infrastructure and hosting. I don't want to have to put in a ticket because I need to do a redeployment. So we'll get this conversation handled with a company like Cisco. There's probably one person who's not an IT, who's just an engineer, who's the owner.
We'll get that information out of some meeting like this.
Now this last one is extremely important. A I access and DeepSight access. A I access, I mean a I tools because you're going to need them for your Cisco machine. And basically what I want all of you to think about is whatever tool you can use.
That is not incompatible with what other people on this team need to do.
So what I mean by that is if they say here, here everyone, here's cloud code and just one person on our team wants to use cursor, what does that mean? Well, I need to keep everything, everyone moving on the same page in the same direction, so we'll have to stick with what we're given.
Now having said that, can I also give you cursor access? Of course. But with that, do I need you to also have the understanding that we need to still keep in mind that we have to recognize the most of the team is on something like cloud code? Totally fine.
But at the same time, if everyone wants to use cursor and Cisco provides it, no problem. It's just a matter of making sure that the overwhelming majority of everyone is on the same page. So for instance, if someone creates a skill for cloud code and then you know everyone's doing great except that one poor guy with cursor who is not able to access that skill.
You know that's that's what I want to avoid here. Bad example as I know you can do that, but you get my point.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:01:39
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:01:44
So access to tools and kind of agreement across us on this team is one. I will not accept just GitHub Copilot, so don't worry there. That's not AI to me anymore. Anyway, that's just auto complete and for Deepsight access that is where.
The next goal for everyone this week is to deeply review what's going on with Deepsight. So we have that video recording. I'll share the link and the password to everyone again in the Cisco chat. As I have told all of you, there's a downloadable VTT file that you can open up in VS.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:02:16
OK.

Colin Moore   1:02:21
It's just normal text, so you can even instead of watching the almost 2 hour video, you can simply do some Q&A with Claude and I'll open up maybe the first challenge mode for this week, which is everyone here will get Claude.
Access and we'll set up a a project for it. So we'll try to do kind of like a just even in Cloud desktop. There's a way to set up a project so we can do some basic Q&A. We'll set up some. We'll essentially create our own documentation for Deepsight.
And improve it as time goes on. Deepsight is that AI wrapper platform that they have internally for hosting AI solutions, preventing EPI keys, all of that sort of thing.
Srinivas is the owner of this. So you know from a a perspective of this project is a very good thing for us to become experts on and a very good thing for us to help him improve it as we go. So even if there's things that you notice as deficiencies along the way.
Feel free to constructively collect those and you know, feel free to, you know, send those even up to Srinivas directly. That's no problem. Just make sure that you have full context before you do that. So don't just say aha, I just saw this for 5 minutes and now I know everything.
But definitely explore and investigate any areas that you think are deficient. That is going to be really nice feedback for him. He's going to take that and that's going to give you some credibility with him as well, provided that you're not, you know, boy who cried wolf with him.
And you're saying, oh, this is a big issue. I I had an intern the one year for a BI role. This intern came to me and he said, uh, Colin, I have a great idea for the company. I know how to change this company from the ground up. And he had been working for five days. And I said, OK, you know what, fine, maybe I've got Elon Musk in front of me.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:04:09
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:04:11
What do you got? And he says, have we tried increasing our annual revenue? I think that would make our numbers a lot better.
And I said, oh, what a brilliant idea. If only I had thought of that increase our revenue. Wow, that's that's just a knob I turn so.

Srikar   1:04:22
Yes.
Um.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:04:29
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:04:29
No, it's a it's a bad example. Obviously, I don't think anyone here is going to give something silly like that. But the premise still remains that that person thought that was a really good idea because simply they didn't understand. So that's always my caution. You know, make sure you know you're putting the time in on your end before you say this is.
Not good or this is really good to make sure before you flag it up to the guy who wrote the thing. So that's the the trick with this. And again, I know everyone's far beyond that in this group, but needs to be said.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:05:04
So do we need to like do some sort of training or in something for like deep site before we start building and deploying on that?

Colin Moore   1:05:15
So here here is the the answer to that. I think the answer is yes with directly with Srinivas. I doubt he has an actual real training beyond the video.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:05:25
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:05:26
So what we can do is we can actually do that as part of our service and you'll see I'll I'll show you an example of this in a moment here. It's pretty cool what we can do.
Um, so.
I'm going to guess that he doesn't have one, and I'm going to guess that it's going to be incredibly easy for us to build that for ourselves and also say, hey, Srinivas, as an added bonus for working with Bay One, you know the guide that we make for ourselves internally on this team for us to use Deepsight better because ultimately we are going to learn more far.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:05:57
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:05:59
Beyond a two hour video, we have this as a beautiful set of markdown docs. If you want to go and deploy it in something like Wagtail or you want to deploy it somewhere else as a guide like wiki dot JS or even on GitHub pages, let me know.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:01
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:06:16
You know, and you know, for him, again, remember he's the the author of that deep site platform. It's just like any author, they're going to say, oh, he read my book, you know, he read my book and you know, you get a lot of brownie points for that and you'll find unfortunately or fortunately a lot of, you know, solutions work is all about brownie.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:26
Mm.
I mean.

Colin Moore   1:06:35
Points.
So it's it's good to be the teacher's pet in the solutions work.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:38
True.
Sure.

Colin Moore   1:06:43
Um.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:06:43
Sure.

Colin Moore   1:06:45
Now for us, I mentioned this briefly to everyone, but I want you to all see something. This will eventually be a full-fledged platform that they want, and what we'll be doing on this team is not working on it directly, but refining the process as we go.
So I'm not going to tell everyone the full scope of this today. I'm going to tell you only the part that has to deal with solutions. But you know, I think Askari will talk about this too, but everyone else will talk about this after we. If we haven't already, I think Saurabh, I've talked to you about it.
We'll talk about the full scope after we have running start with Cisco so we don't distract anyone.
There will be an internal project called singularity.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:07:23
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:07:28
And singularity is something that's trying to, as the name suggests, unify a bunch of separate things, give a single point of entry for effectively capturing knowledge. And you know, more concretely, what do I really mean by that? Well, I mean that we.
We have a sales cycle, we have a solution cycle with the discovery, with implementation, with deployment. We have a post sales cycle where we will hire on an additional team, not this team to be the long term support maintainers while we go on to the next project.
There is a lot of knowledge overall and even every meeting that we have, even our internal meetings, how do we really keep those in motion and keep everyone on the same page?

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:08:14
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:08:15
So singularity is what's going to be pulling all that together. Eventually that'll be its own application, but for right now it is just a skill that I've put together for everyone in Cloud.
So what that skill does, I'll explain at a very high level right now. You'll all be able to see it and try it out yourselves.
But what that skill does, for instance, anytime there's a meeting.
There is a structured flow that happens.
So what happens is that for every meeting, including the Webex ones, simply request to turn transcription on. That is my ask to everyone here. Simply ask to turn transcription on. I already have permission from Srinivasan Anand to record any and all conversations we have with the Cisco team.
If it's a virtual call on Webex, just ask for a transcription to be turned on so you can get some notes. If you are virtual with it, you are fine to use some recording tool like something like Notability if you have an Apple device.
Or anything else you'd want to use to record and transcribe the call. I already have a written approval from them that we do not have to formally ask permission. It's always a good idea to do so, especially if you're in person, but just so that everyone knows, I do have formal approval for that, that we can record anything we want to in terms of the Cisco.
Uh, meetings.
So for that.
After we have the transcript, what happens with the skill is that you effectively get to upload that transcript here, and the transcript is typically just a text file, a BTT, something like that.
The idea for the whole, you know, background of Singularity is blockchain.
Now think about this like a a stateful knowledge graph in a way. It's almost like, you know, the same experiential learning that we do as people.
Every single meeting we get more information and we refine what we already know. We add on new knowledge or maybe we change or delete knowledge in a way, but we have to know that progression. So rather than keeping one live living document, we want to see the progression of those.
So the way that this works is every time there's a new transcript, what happens is that there are a series of files that get created and you can see that these are numbered right here. You can see that the set of files named one is all here.
Then there's this special file that's I call it as a bridge, then set of meetings #2.
2A3 it's a lot of files and these are not meant to be read by a human, although they're certainly human readable. The idea is for every single meeting we go and we decompose it and extract out the pieces.
And we did that with the context of everything that came beforehand.
And whenever we decompose that meeting with that context, we create an immutable set of documents specific to that meeting, which are identified by the number.
And effectively, this is our, you know, knowledge chain that happens. Yes, this will become a lot of files someday. No, not worried about that right now. The bridge file essentially says here's what is different.
From our prior understanding to now our current understanding after that meeting.
And what's really cool about this is this goes and connects it into what do we actually need to do? What kind of actions do we need to take? So once all of us start using this, there is another skill that you'll see that I've put together for Cloud Code that can actually go and just simply create.
Issues on GitHub to go and get these resolved.
So simply by talking about things, even in our technical discussions.

   1:12:02
Mm.

Colin Moore   1:12:07
Think about it that way. We have a conversation about something deep, detailed, technical as part of our engineering meetings that we'll have on this. Instead of having to wait, you know, for for me to sit down and, you know, get on GitHub and get everything set up, I'll still certainly manually review everything.
But the more detailed and in-depth we have on the conversation on the call, we'll save everyone collectively a lot of time because we'll be able to pull out the technical bits and create them as issues.
And that will make this really, really, really fast, especially as we get into a more agentic workflow as a team, even beyond what we'll do with Cisco. Saurav, this is the same as what you're used to in Talent AI for Django Forge.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:12:48
Yep, Yep.

Colin Moore   1:12:49
So this is essentially the same type of a flow, but having this lets you do some really cool things. First of all, all of the documents that I've shown you thus far have come out of this. One thing that's nice for me is now whenever meetings come, I don't even have to do nice document prep.
These are actually one shot passes from the singularity skill to go and ask the right questions and provide updates to Cisco leadership. So the skill is quite powerful and quite good. So now that it has all that information, it's also able to make the HTML files and then the PDF file.
Of a proposal or an action plan or, you know, any project documentation.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:13:30
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Colin Moore   1:13:34
So very cool thing, but I just wanted to call this one up.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:13:40
Just to like increase like the usability of the increase the ease of use of this, maybe you can what you call add this on a scheduler on cool work this scale so that whenever like a call ends this runs automatically.
Rather than you go there and like running the skill there.

Colin Moore   1:13:58
Yes.
I I have even better for you. So I have uh this can is gonna go on Jarvis.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:14:05
Mhm.
OK.

Colin Moore   1:14:11
So see, I I've got a master plan here. Don't worry, don't worry. So.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:14:14
Sure.

Colin Moore   1:14:17
For everyone, Jarvis is the name for the code name for what we'll have for essentially automated meeting transcriptions. It's an Airflow based project that uses language models for the rest can be configured. This will get added in as a task to Jarvis because we'll already have an Airflow instance running with access to Teams transcripts and.
We'll have to do is add a pipe in for the Webex transcripts as well.
So that's that's a good thing for us. That means even with cowork, um, don't even have to rely on someone's computer being on or or anything like that.
So very cool. But even even if that's takes a second, we can always do Co work in the in the middle.

Srikar   1:15:02
Yep.

Colin Moore   1:15:04
OK, so then just a final recap and then we can close up for for today and I threw a lot of information to everyone #1 is.
Getting the the questions looked at #2 is completing that GitHub training. You know, to the extent of effort that you feel you should put into it. And you know, as as we rightfully pointed out earlier, maybe it's possible that some of the developer standards are included in that training.
So if there's a way to save it, export it, or otherwise capture so that we can process that ourselves, not a bad thing. Or you could pay attention. It's one of the one of the two is is OK.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:15:35
No.
Yeah.
However.

Colin Moore   1:15:48
#3 is make yourself available for these discovery meetings. I know that timing is going to be tough. I know that. That's why we're going to really have to do our best to coordinate. That's also why I'm requesting that transcripts are turned on, because that way even like, let's say that they want to have a meeting 3:00 PM PST.
Great for Srikar, really bad for Saurav and Askari and also not great for me. But you know, if we have transcripts on then that gives us a way to, you know, have some visibility into these.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:16:22
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:16:25
So we'll get that figured out for the cadence. And last but not least, spend some time on Deepside. So Deepside, right now all we have is the transcript. This is gonna be one of the highest priority ones that I'm gonna try to schedule a Srinivas.
Ideally, everyone here will get on that call live with Srinivas, if I can manage it with the time. He is someone. I'll give you kind of the personality breakdown in a couple of short words. We are very similar. He's just a lot harsher than me.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:16:40
Mhm.

Srikar   1:16:40
Right.

Colin Moore   1:16:55
But we we both appreciate the same thing, which is people that want to do good work for the sake of doing good work. I know that sounds very manager of me to say, but at the same time, what it really means is people that are proactive, people that show initiative aren't going to just sit there and wait for.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:16:56
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:17:11
You know, a task to be assigned. He's the same way, which is why I'm saying the more proactive we are, he will have a very good opinion. Once you're on his good side, you stay on his good side. So anything that evolves for any of us, especially put it in very high regard, very important for relationship health for the for the project.
But I'll get this deep site access as soon as we can so we can become experts on on it, as that will be what will be the bedrock really for us to deploy AI applications at Cisco. They already have this great framework and wrapper for us, so we don't have to worry about, you know, setting up Foundry or, you know, getting access to APIs.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:17:37
OK.

Colin Moore   1:17:51
Keys or, you know, usage limits, rate limits, things like that. That all gets handled via Deepsight, so that will simplify our lives, but also get us the brownie points from Shrinny class.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:17:54
Mhm.
Yep. And like, uh, where exactly do we have to complete the training of like GitHub Enterprise?

Colin Moore   1:18:09
Yes. So I have there is a Webex link that was shared with me over the weekend. So I'll put that in the Webex chat to everyone. So just I'll I'll make a group for us or a I think they're called channels in Webex.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:18:19
Mhm.

Srikar   1:18:24
Mm-hmm.

Colin Moore   1:18:24
I'll make a channel for us and I'll put the training links in there and basically all I need from each of you is just send me a message wherever you want to send me it whenever you've completed the training and that way I'll know so I can report back to Srini bus.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:18:30
OK.
Yep.
OK.

Srikar   1:18:44
Right.

Colin Moore   1:18:46
Now last, last but not the least, meetings and cadence within the team and specific responsibilities. We will establish all of that once we have the clarity from Cisco's team as to what their expectation is. I don't want to make us do more administrative work than we need to do, even though I just showed you it's not going to be that bad because most of it will.
Be automated for us.
Um, what is most likely going to happen is 2 things. I think when we start out, a lot of our time and energy will be focused on discovery sessions and kind of things like today or you know, this will probably the second of maybe three or four total meetings like this one where I'm really just talking about concepts rather than tactical things.
To get everyone on the same page.
Once we are done with the discovery meetings or kind of in parallel with those, I think to start out we will meet on something like Monday, Monday, Wednesday, Friday or if it depending because I know Friday will get late for Askari and and Saurav, we might do Monday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Thursday, so that way we don't have to kill your weekend off or anything like that. We'll get all that figured out together. I just don't want it to be super late or we can just agree that Friday is going to be a shorter one so everyone can get a reasonable start to the the weekend.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:19:54
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:20:05
But.
After that, definitely we'll do three meetings a week minimum altogether. Beyond that, we definitely are going to need to have impromptu inside meetings. So what I'll encourage everyone here is, you know, we're all, we're all, you know, definitely more than capable.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:20:08
Sure.

Colin Moore   1:20:23
Reach out to each other, set up time. Eventually people will have, you know, true responsibilities and you know, kind of dedicated. You know, this is my domain that I'm doing for this project, even though you know we're definitely going to be cross-functional on this team.
So be proactive with that. Reach out to each other, get to know each other, set up any side meetings you need. We'll definitely have touch points between different parts of the project. So for instance, there will definitely be a subpod within our team that's talking about airflow more regularly.
Or another one that's, you know, specifically focused on, you know, this triage step, so.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:20:58
Mhm.

Colin Moore   1:21:00
We have a small team, so I don't need to do that too much, but we definitely will have like ad hoc meetings on top of the scheduled touchpoint meetings every week.
So.
With that said, I know a couple of things today for homework. I'll share those with everyone again after this call, but maybe I'll stop here if in case anyone has any questions before we move on.

Srikar   1:21:33
I think you got, you got to share a lot of information. Yeah, we need to get the right things from Cisco as well, like what what actually is happening there. And yeah, definitely like we have to connect.
Whenever possible within the team, yeah, I'm Saurav or a study like I'm open to like anytime like when you are whenever you are want to connect respect of the time like I'm I'm open to like be on the call anytime later at night or early morning.
Uh, also works for me.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:22:12
Yeah, sure.
So.

Colin Moore   1:22:16
Well, good. Well, let me do this. We'll we'll wrap up for today. I'm thinking let's plan on meeting again tomorrow as well. We'll meet a couple of times this week just so we can build some momentum up and and get things straightened out.
I'll send out the action items tomorrow. We'll meet for a shorter time because I know there won't be as much time for people to do things in the middle. But in the meantime, if you need anything, reach out. I'm finally back in EST. For everyone's knowledge, there was a sales training last week where essentially they.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:22:50
It.

Colin Moore   1:22:50
For all purposes, made us put our phones in a metal box and said you can't touch them for a week. So I'm characteristic, but at the same time, you know I'm I'm finally back EST. This is my number one priority to get this project on the road and ready to go, so.

Srikar   1:22:59
Yeah.

Colin Moore   1:23:07
This will be my top priority and you know, if you need anything in the meantime, just reach out. But I'll send out these and I'll also give you your first kind of glimpse into what we can do with Singularity as well. After this call, I'll be feeding this transcript itself into that so you can all have that the meeting notes.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:23:25
Yep. Sure.

Colin Moore   1:23:29
All right, everyone. Well, have a good day ahead, a good night ahead. And yeah, we'll we'll connect tomorrow.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:23:35
Yeah, sure, probably. See you tomorrow.

Askari Sayed   1:23:36
Thanks for that. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Good day.

Srikar   1:23:36
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you everyone.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:23:39
Thank you everyone.

Colin Moore   1:23:41
Thanks. Take care.

Srikar   1:23:42
Thank you. Bye.

Saurav Kumar Mishra   1:23:44
Hey.

Colin Moore stopped transcription
