I've managed treatments.
This mode, well, but I got a little bit late, matching up with different meetings for morning, so, okay.
Where is Justin?
He's not here, because they are in different meetings.
Want me to recap the meeting quickly?
Yeah, yeah, that'll be great.
Okay.
Would it also be possible, I don't know if we can do it from our end, if we can add a space to the meeting too, so I don't know if whenever the meetings do get recorded, if we have access to the transcripts to see them?
I don't know, I will check.
I think, I thought when you say recording, you will not get a transcript by default.
I think you do if it's shared like usually whenever there's a recording as long as it's like a Well-spoken English then it it goes to the transcript and usually you can download the VTT file after Okay,
let's I mean next time what I'll do is I'm gonna problem is you have other team members legs are and all I Need the weapons they get it, right?
Space so I don't know but I can try it.
I mean  So actually by the way before we start I was thinking that we'll make this three times a day I mean three times in a week Monday Wednesday and Friday sync up because I feel that we are moving little bit slow I know you guys are getting started and having some initial pickups but starting next week we will have a midday like after lunch or something we'll find some time  and a quick sync up,
half an hour sync up to say where we are, what's happening and what's the next step so that way we can plan everyday kind of a thing almost like this so it will be like alternate day at Monday, Wednesday,
Friday because the next 2 to 3 weeks I want to make sure that we run absolutely, we're ready for that too and yeah just like like quick half an hour sync up and  get to know where you guys are, where we are, and if there any changes need to be done,
either in the design or in the goal post, the goal post will change based on the outcome.
Makes sense, okay?
Makes sense.
Alright, so let me record the meeting, and we'll take it forward.
This meeting is being recorded and summarized.
Perfect.
Whenever I can get started, just let me know, and I'll give it a little bit different than the last time.
Yeah, please go ahead.
The floor is yours.
OK.
So five total items to discuss on today.
So the first, we did the pain point analysis.
We looked at all messages across the NXOS CI workflow chat in WebEx.
We were able to use what we built to actually do that scraping.
So we'll cover that today.
Looking at the current state in proposed architecture for future state for build log analysis and triage Webex integration items.
There's some things that we found out there and the current I'm shooting anything I don't see Oh, I think it stopped sharing after we strip the report.
I bet Can you see now?
Yeah, okay  So yeah, so pinpoint analysis first, build log analysis next with the architecture, WebEx integration with the architecture as well.
There's two items for scope alignment that we had with the team.
These are ones that definitely would benefit from those more frequent meetings.
And then just to refresh around what access items are pending right now.
So the first one, I know this was a streetcar, so I'll hand off to you a streetcar.
We basically, for this, I'll let you explain fully, but we pulled all the messages from that WebEx chat and have done the work to categorize them to see where the blockers are.
There's three slides on this, so there's more information than just this to be shared.
That's your car.
I'll let you take it from here to introduce this and what you did.
So I've extracted all the messages from this channel and we got around 4200 messages across 3 years and we categorized into 25 categories.
So here are the numbers, what the messages are classified into.
Once we have, most of them are under the status of the above, there is an infrastructure development problems.
So these are based on rule-based right now.
So we have created separate keywords for each category and we have added them in the list.
And based on those keywords,
like Xflow stock or Xflow related ones are under the infrastructure and deployment.  so based on those these all categories have been divided and so major one is under the like in each message like we see like bar and error and the remaining follows so this Webex space tracks everything related to the D work flow it could be any place right so  This one,
I think, is specific to the, in short, as you know better than I would, but I think this is specific to the CICD for the NXOS workflow.
I think it's only limited to that.
Yeah, Anand, this is just the CI workflow.
Yeah, I know CI, but it doesn't need to be in the test, it could be in the build, it could be anything they are running into it.
Correct, correct.
Yes.
So, let's say the first one, bugs and bug and error.
So what does it mean when you say, how do I get to know a little bit more this category?
What kind of feelings?
Yes, so that's what I wanted to know.
So we can now deep dive into these.
Since we have them now segregated, we can go and break them down into their specific error classes now to see what the bugs and errors are.
And if that's something that you'd want, we can actually do this live because we have the scraper done for this.
So if you wanted kind of a live dashboard view to see that and be able to drill in, we could certainly do that if that's something of interest.
Okay, so a couple of things, right?
As we scrape it, there are two ways to look at this problem.
One is, today, these webex spaces are manned by the manual, meaning somebody is asking a question or other set of books are implying, right?
What I want to do is that once we categorize these are the issues and there's a standard answer, right?
Like in fact, like in the created IQ and AI, right?
What I want to do is that I want to create a board, okay?
That will be deployed as a part of the NxA workflow.
And the board will be replying instead of Justin or Bill team or anybody replying.
So I want to relieve the human element.  and for standard answers the bot automatically replies and the user can actually say at bot what are they will put some name and the bot if the answers are already known the bot will at the bot will automatically reply to it and anything it does not know it will say okay check me the human or whatever right so then only those messages the humans will reply but any other message the bot should reply  that essentially means like for example we have 700 of these I mean so much errors out there right these we already know the answers today so I'm thinking if we build such a bot 80-90% of the noise will be cut down meaning we'll tell the users hey here is a bot just reply with it I mean talk with it we already know those answers are only done yes and I was thinking like okay even let's say if you extend that one  If I move,
this is the response as AI, let's say, assistant, then I can start taking the action or suggesting the action in real time to the user, not waiting for asking the question to the bot.
Right.
Yeah, that is a, no, the WebEx bot does not have the action today that does the issue.
This is first to get an answer, Jay does, right?
What I'm saying in the workflow, and the reason in the workflow, they are experiencing this problem, and then they are starting the...  the question but in the experience itself can you be I mean that will be probably I mean let's say that's I'm a little bit more.
There are two kinds of workflows right for the user one he wants to know where what is my current issue right where are we another one is can you take an action right now this action can we  based on the permissions because release lead acting is different from let's say user action yeah correct how many are actionable in the user workspace how many somebody has to i mean yeah those things i think next level but at least first first level the bot is able to reply and then we build intelligence and taking proactive action on that right correct so we'll make it like incremental but now we'll we'll just figure it out to answer it because you want to make sure that  user accept the answer that a bot is giving once we know our answers are correct then we'll say okay what is the next action that's what at least I have in mind okay there's three three additional things I think we'll cover them but just to say because they're in context right now  Number one was this number,
it's big, but it's actually, from what I've seen on my site, it's smaller than I would have expected it to be.
If that's across, you know, dev stage tests, prod, whatever the environments are called, over three years that number is high, relatively speaking, but it's low compared to what I was expecting.
So there's also a question of if all the errors are captured here.
Because a way that we've done in the past is there's really two categories for these errors.
One is the errors that we can extract ourselves.
We can look at, you know, build errors, we can get things automatically so the user doesn't even need to submit a question about it.
And that's so that we can take action to resolve.
The other side are those ones that the user wants to submit themselves, maybe the runtime errors that aren't being caught by a build log or something like that, that they'd want to get some response for or some resolution to.
So we can definitely set some automation up here so that things aren't always passive, that there's an active involvement from the AI side to flag these issues and raise them up, even in the chat itself.
Another is that these are being put in WebEx, but they're not being traced from the WebEx to the actual resolution to GitHub.
So if we wanted to, we could actually accompany new messages and requests here with just creating the GitHub issue so that things remain very traceable throughout the workflow, if that's something that's of interest.
One question, when we talk to the architecture, we'll chat about it.
But ideally, what we want to do is that, let's say, I got a build failure.
First, user interface is, I want to decouple the user interface with the pipeline architecture.
User interface could be your best.
It could be the SELI.
It could be some other UI.
User interface is different.
But when we take the when we actually in the pipeline we have at least Let's say I already gave my PR All right, and the PR now user now knows that okay,
there's a bit of failure The way at least way I'm thinking Justin can correct me is that I need a way for the user to go to the build page Okay,
where it is fail and should be able to fix the issue  on demand on the page itself okay meaning you should be able to put a comment and we'll invoke a codec session behind the scene and that will automatically fix the issue for the user okay and once we have that capability we can expose it in any any form later on so first we need to build such an end point that given a build failure how do I auto fix it right based on the user intervention user has to provide a comment to say how do you do it  so we are actually doing that as a part of a different project maybe by the time you guys are there we'll show you how to do it for the actual code code thing and but what I'm saying that since you're talking about action part that's what I want to do at least in the pipeline okay that way user doesn't have to check out the tree again open the big space again rebuild it do everything if it is a simple thing  you can just go to the our build page itself and say hey fix for me and it auto will fix it and say resume so well I'll tell you how to do that but but that's what I think since you asked the question of telling how it will happen in the pipeline okay yeah okay yeah I think you'll see these errors yeah yeah so these errors right I mean  Let's take top 5 for example.
Do you guys know what it contains inside that top 5?
I think the thing that we found here is that we have to dig into this a bit more.
The reason is that we have to be able to associate some bugs or errors people are flagging.
What we need to do is we need to associate them with what's actually in the code base.
Because right now, what we've got is some things are clear as to what category this sub error might fall into.
And we can show that.
We can have that for Monday, in our session on Monday.
Other things aren't as clear.
Maybe they're just not stated clearly by whoever the person is posting the comment on the channel.
That's why I'm kind of pushing towards relating it between the WebEx chat and the GitHub repository.
To have some tie between this, you can actually see in a real meaningful way what that error is and how it manifests in the code.
So right now, it's kind of based upon how good the person's write-up is in WebEx, which usually is very short.
But this is not enough for us to take an action, because this is very high-level summary, so we'll use the granular data.
So in fact if you look at it let's say on the left side the category you have let's say five categories.
Five categories I think drill down and see what are the problems there is important.
Like just for the question request we need to know what kind of it is and which stage in the CI also.
Somebody starting it right there or maybe deep in CI or something those will be important.
So we can do that, and what we can maybe do is take a first pass approach to do it just based on some classification of those.
That's fine.
It's still to be specific about where in the process this happened.
Did this happen on dev?
Did this happen on stage?
Wherever it happened, that's what I'm saying.
We need to connect it back to GitHub, because right now it's completely nonspecific whenever people are posting those comments in Web extract.
We can still get it, but it's more guesswork than it is.
We can have some discussion for example you might be getting some example of that right so looking at that example and the expert can be telling you this is what it means so we need to maybe provide that knowledge not just what is there that they might be writing cryptic message in the webex.
When we know what it means, that is where we can change that.
Right.
And maybe let me show you just a more quick example from today itself.
Like, for instance, this one that came in today.
It says, I have added this.
My local build goes through, but it's not clear as to what, you know, for instance, is this on dev?
Is this on prod?
We could relate it back and forth to one or the other if we knew the context in which they were talking, which we would have if we had visibility as to where this was coming from on their end.
So even a better way for them to post comments here, because sometimes it's just not explicitly clear what it's referring to.
Definitely the experts would know, and we can try to capture that knowledge and put it into a bot.
That's completely fine.
But some of these it's not clear if they are relating back to a specific environment, you know, what topic it's even about.
Sometimes there's things that in this chat from our findings that aren't able to be categorized because they're ambiguous or cryptic.
But we'll at least work through that.
We'll get some examples and we can figure out how to resolve that.
That can be one of our top items for next week.
And we'll give the deeper drill down of those categories as well.
And maybe Sydney and Justin, I looked at, I saw the Bazel comment.
So Bazel will be like one time should we keep it in different category because that migration is done, then the problem may not be applicable in some sense.
Yeah, Bazel can be outside of what we have and we can have Bazel and non-Bazel support that way.
We'll see, we'll work with Justin and Divaka and figure out how to tackle the major issues of data.
And the latest code, I think, once the Bazel migration is done, then those kind of queries and challenges will also be gone.
So it will be good to categorize these are Bazel kind of questions.
Correct, correct.
I mean, now Bazel will be the main.
We don't need to go too much detail about the page of the thing because that column will be going to large extent less.
So you definitely can create one category of bezel because this kind of discussion will help you to have like a good example of which has large values.
And what we can do too because there these will be even in web action no matter what form it comes in if it's WebEx, if it's CLI, if it's otherwise.
We can also have the bot, you know, ask for clarification too.
If things are ambiguous, you know, the bot can just auto-reply, but, you know, is this for Bazel?
If you want to have different categories, fine, but it can ask for clarification if it is ambiguous.
So that way you can have that certainty that it is always getting put in the right box, so to speak.
So a couple more quick things.
So volume trend, it's tripled over the past three years, which is great.
The time that it takes to get a response from a human, that is definitely where some automation is going to help this out because it's coming in at, you know, sometimes up to six hours to respond to a bug or error.
If we have a bot do this, that's relatively, you know, as close to instant as it's possibly able to do.
So it's a great use case for this.
We'll definitely be able to hopefully measure and see an improvement after we have that automation in place as a takeaway for this left-hand side.
So, but yeah like we are saying that we need to build on the actual message and tie it up so I think Did you write a prompt to extract the actual thing I mean there was I was just looking I think we did one analysis  Before, days were there, I don't resist.
I don't even remember what is the name of the fight.
So I'm just searching that I can give to you guys.
That was like when you guys initial come on board, right, when we were doing the initial discussion.
At that time, we did a quick analysis to say what are the problems that we can give to you guys.
If I find it, I'll share it with you.
But that will tell us the top 10, 15 items that we want to go after, initially at least, at a minimum.
And then as the time passes, another week or two, we'll get more, by the way, certainly more analysis.
We'll know what it is.
I'll try to find it, and I'll see.
Somewhere it should be there.
But I'll let you continue with the deep dive analysis so that we know what problem we need to solve.
Whatever we do here will be repeatable too because I'm sure this can be transferred and I'm sure we'd want to do it more than just one time as well.
So we'll make sure that anything we do is it would be reused.
We'll build a system like that.
Okay, let's start the next topic here.
So I think so the response time is this one second response time is where this bot will help, right?
That's great.
That we have to use the user with the response immediately.
Okay.
Let's continue.
There's one more part to this.
Amrata, do you guys have anything that you can figure out how to write the bot?
I think there's a lot of code out there.
You should be able to submit a quick bot.
Justin, do you know already we have anything?
I mean, we have a couple of bots like our branch workspaces and stuff, but we can create a new website for the CI.
Correct.
Can you, I mean, partner with the Kotlin and team and you can write on the board, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So for that, so Sarav had created a bot on the team.
I think he got flagged from IT because he didn't follow, I guess there's an approval process for new bots.
So he did have a working bot already.
That was what was on his machine.  started rebuilding that on his loaner.
But at least we were able to do that pretty quickly.
I think he got that.
It spun up in a day or two.
So we can definitely go with the bots.
Justin, it'll be great to work together on that and see what we can do.
But I think where he got caught up the last time was just IT.
If you have it already, that's fine too.
Just work with Justin to see what they have done.
Compare the nodes.
If things are normal, then we can deploy it.
So the deployment should happen through amount of our ID's that way It does not get flagged or the service will not go down Okay If there is a any credential requirement from the webex point of view,
okay I feel they have it they track it But it has to be one of us will be deploying their part once you have the code ready Okay, and any code changes another thing anything that gets deployed  cannot be a private repo.
It has to be committed to our repo.
You can use a deep site repo, you guys have access now.
Create a repo there and you can commit it to anybody.
And only when the code is committed, anything should be deployed.
No private changes, nothing should be deployed.
In today and in future also even if a bug fix let's say suddenly we see a bug fix engineers are having some issues right and you want to deploy quickly a quick fix the fix has to go through production meaning we will create a CICV pipeline or the repos whatever you're gonna do and it has to go through the process and do it yes shortcuts private deployment is not acceptable okay so that essentially means  that anything that we deploy has to be well tested and as a team we agree that it varies,
passing all the UT and IT and then gets deployed.
It is just trying to create a discipline for ourselves,
not through any code at users and cause vertical operations in the user experience.  one more metric that we don't have yet so we have first response time that's the time that request on that channel gets a response back that will be helped by the automation there's another one that we can do that would come in whenever we have triage which is the time to resolution so not just the first response time but the time to resolution itself we can get that figured out next week i think for that one we probably just need the access to the  GitHub,
if we don't already have it, we'll come up with a plan for that.
But we'll track that as a metric too, to show, you know, with this in place for triage, for the actual fixes themselves, what's that time, you know, shrinkage, whenever we actually resolve an issue that comes up?
What is it today and what will it be after that?
So this will be good.
Keep the eyes for us.
Okay.
So I think Namita, this is, this is yours.
So why don't I hand off over to you?
Sure.
Thanks, Colin.
Can you please go to the next slide?
Can you see this is the infrastructure existing automation page?
Oh, I see the response time page.
Okay.
Let me just try to stop and re-share.
It might just be on my side.
Can you see it now?
It's loading.
Just a few seconds.
Yeah, I do see it now.
Okay.
Yes, thanks, Colin.
So we spent this past week inside the build system understanding and getting hands-on experience with the access logs using the temp areas machine.
We had very useful calls and productive calls with Justin who understand the current Python pipeline.
So we reviewed the code and found out some limitations which we can address in our current work.
First thing, one of the limitations was that it captures only a subset of errors.
So let's say the file selection is based on the modification type and the backward scan, right?
So it kind of misses context that what's available in the logs.
The second one is saving it or assisting it.
So every analysis result is written to the temp workstation.
But let's say we want to review it after a few days to see which errors occurred and which ones did we solve and which fix did we apply.
So that we're not able to gain.
So maybe we would like to store it in our current work.
And the next one is no traceability.
So let's say LLM suggests a fix and the fix gets applied.  and there is no record connecting that fixed back to that particular or specific error that caused it.
So we cannot audit the system or learn from it over the time.
Yeah, and one of the thing is like even when the LLM is being called, I believe it is with the next context.
So then the data or the system actually has  So we could address that part as well.
And also these are on the left hand side, you'll see that some of the basic discussions we had, there are the logs decided, how do we access the NFS path and so on.
So based on this initial review, as well as understanding the current Python pipeline, we designed an architecture, which we can talk about it.
And the next slide.
So I'll go ahead and open up the big view for this meeting.
So just tell me whenever you're able to see, and I'll zoom into these as we go.
Yeah, sure.
So just trying to grasp, right?
So Justin, when you say a question for you, when you say existing automation, right?
Are there any augmentation that we need to do here?
Yeah, we're working on, you know, triage, right?
So the build errors, they're pretty big logs right now.
So, you know, simplifying them to just get the errors, basically, and then, you know, providing context like, hey, you should fix different errors, then trying that out, right?
Seeing what the tool can do.
And so I think for compile errors, the tool is pretty good at fixing those compile issues in the code.
So if we see those in CI builds, we should be able to put it.  fix those.
So yeah, it's not deployed yet.
I'm still working on it.
Not deployed, but yeah, one idea is like fully operating, right?
So I think right now, sometimes the CI codes will fail, right?
Maybe some code issue, right?
That we can automatically run this agent after that will, you know, kind of fix, to your agent fix the issue, right?
No, but how do you know the fix is valued?
Yes.
When you say build failure, let's say there is a build failure, and you ask the agent to fix it, it added an if condition.
How do you know?
Build will pass, but how do you know that if condition is correct?
Yes, so we can create a PR and use their own data review before they bring it in.
If that change is not correct, right?
We can improve the tool for the next time, right?
We can note that down, right?
Okay, this fix was not valid for these reasons, and then we can take that into account for our future runs, right?
So we do verify, yeah.
So whatever target fail, we'll build it up here to see if the coach can just do a small bit of shooting.
But yeah, from a logic perspective, we're not checking.
But that is it, that is clear, is important, right?
I am not worried about the build failure, but if that, if condition, whatever the fix that we are trying to do is not the right fix, then we actually win past.
It's like a surgery is successful, patient-led.
So, it will just be that individual part, right?
So, we won't say that you converge the PRN, right?
We should still go through full build validation.  after this change goes in.
No, no.
We will be successful, or functionally.
Yes.
We will be successful, and that's what I'm saying, right?
Sajar is successful.
Yeah.
But functionally, how do you verify that fix is correct?
So it should go for review, right?
You mentioned in the book before that.
Yeah,
what I would say is like the log analyzer should do log analyzer.  part right analyze the build failure categorize it and then let you the fix it through the id or basically through their workspace make a suggestion in the log analysis but don't let the user take that suggestion if they find like basically reiterating what sheenie is also saying right that concern so stop there let you the incorporate that six if they want then it will become a second comment  That's my point that without user in the loop we cannot auto fix and say I'll  I'll let the user figure it out.
The user, nobody cares.
As long as the build is passed, you say build is passed.
How it got passed and creating an audit system that you not looked at this comment and that caused the issue, it's going to be really hard.
But if you keep the suggestion to the user and it is in the user hand, he's assembling.
He's going to figure it out, whether he likes it, dislikes it, or you want to fix it in some other way.
For us, it's just a suggestion.
So, only thing from the input point of view do, how does user say that, let's say, you suggested a fix, right?
How does he apply the suggestion in his workspace?
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
So, each developer will create their own topic branch right before they merge it to an extent where it's made, right?
They'll have longer data.  branch and then whatever coming so we can create a PR into that branch so that they can see that change they can also commit to that branch if they want to change it or if they want to just commit to their branch and not accept that PR that's fine as well so I think just remind me in our CI pipeline code review right when are we enabling the code review is it before build or after build?  basically we create a workspace we in parallel we start the code review and the build starts because we do a separate read-only mount for the code review okay so then technically we are our CI agent is anyway helping the engineer fix the issue correct so if we can model this as a suggestion  what we are doing is as a part of the CI pipeline code review what we are doing is we have agents behind the scenes running where it can actually fix the functional issues meaning I have a functional failure and I want to fix it so the agents will be providing a UI for the engineer to interact to say I accept the comment I reject it  but can I can I redo it basically the functional issue right so the agent behind the scene will take the user comment and actually automatically do it right so we have this infrastructure we have this UI everything is there already right what I want you guys to do is you we can if you can build the log failure build failure as an MCP endpoint we can take the same agent  and hit the build mcp,
build server mcp and say where is the issue for the specular PR, right?
And then we can use the same agent to suggest the fix even for the build failures, not just the functional issues.
Because if functional issues is the critical thing that's happening, right?
If I can do the functional issue fix directly, we should be able to do the build issue as well, right?
But the only thing what we are not building the knowledge is we are not looking from the  from the build lens point of view, right, the PR.
So, since you guys are, I mean, this track is looking from the build failure point of view, what we should do is, we should look at, you have the build failure, you do the analysis, and you say that, okay, this failure caused because of this reason, right?
And there may be more than one failure, that's fine, but at least if you can categorize that and expose it as an endpoint, Then the agent that is running here will pick up that NCP and say oh,
this is an issue Let me suggest a fix and from the user point of view you have a single dashboard Okay, single feedback mechanism single way of interacting for his PR which says that oh, I have functional issue This is all fix it.
I have a build issue.
I have this all fix it So like in the UI I think if they have a functional issue like sort of will be required a code change on their deal.
Yeah  so this this this infrastructure that we are building in this in the github PR they can actually they don't have to go to their IDP they can actually do the review there itself and they say accept the comment and will automatically patch the what you call the change on the github itself directly right so all and we have a separate like I mean there's a lot of infrastructure that is being built right  So,
when you guys do the analysis, don't think in terms of agent.
Think of from an endpoint point of view.
Like, what is the endpoint, what that API should look like.
Then, we'll bring you guys on board, and you can do the integration.
So, this agent should run on the build host?
Yeah, it will be running on the build host.
Are we using the built-in agents that are already a part of GitHub already?
Or are we trying to do something separate?
Because those already exist, you know, today, like right out of the box with codecs integration directly.
So you already...
No, no, no.
Guys, we use the, what do you call, enterprise version of the Git.
This is not the, what do you call, this is not the cloud version.
We need to build all the pipeline searching houses.
They do, even with the enterprise version, it does have to...
Enterprise does not have that support only.
You have open, you have a cloud-based or whatever the Microsoft support, they have that thing.
Enterprise does not have that support.
They are tied guardrails on the enterprise version,
on-prem version.  but you got the requirement right so when you say agent don't say agent is nothing i mean agent is just a prompt and a actual context right so please adjust it in the menu i mean i mean i'll be there too but when we work we need to think in terms of context engineering right and that context engineering can be opened as an endpoint or one or two endpoints depending on what problems that we are trying to solve and then just  give to the agent that is there and the UI will be same for the user.
So that way it is a complete seamless experience for the user.
It doesn't have to worry, it's a build or functional, everything is same.
Makes sense?
So but it can dust off.
I'm not worried about the agent because agent can be codec, co-pilot, cursor.
There are so many 10 other things that we are planning to support.  don't worry about that piece just let's look at the context engineering and how do we expose this as an end point.
Who's working on that functional fix?
There's a big team actually, there's a huge team working behind the scene and yeah on the CI pipeline like ID code review you know we are making it mandatory like a CI we have a huge pipeline a lot of folks are working behind the scene so mostly another three four weeks  It will be ready.
But by that time, if you guys do the context engineering, you can just put it there.
OK.
So usually, the three levers for the automation that we have, that we've done.
So the first is the impact.
So even if you are going to have AI apply effects, auto-approve impact is one thing.
How much does this impact?
Is this something that's a low severity, high severity fix?
What are the downstream?  consequences of this being right or wrong.
Second is the complexity.
So if something is very complex, that is more likely to need a human in there to verify that.
And then the last is the experience.
So what has happened in the past that has been able to be a past fix?
So if AI is going to apply a fix, what is your confidence that it's actually going to resolve it correctly versus a human needing to be there?
Some things it varies drastically across the board.
So sometimes things are 99 percentile, sometimes things are 50 percentile for when AI comes up with an acceptable fix.
You know, it's that classic part of, you know, I want to lose weight.
So, you know, why don't I just lose one of my legs?
Technically, I've lost weight.
But like you said, the surgery of successful patients is dead.
So it's the same, same thing with AI here.
I know.
So we have, we, I think we have been on the journey for a long time, just and all and so.
Yeah, we are trying various tasks.
You'll be amazed.
Art is on the port side.
So yeah, I point it in.
We are both up on the same page.
Yeah, I agree.
All right, so let's expand it.
What is this place?
Yeah, this is the architecture.
This is the proposed architecture.
So before we dive into this, I would just like to mention the principle that we used or we would like to use during this project.
And keep in mind that always keep the things simple first.
So every design decision in the system is about doing the cheapest things that works and only escalating when it is really necessary so that we can cut down on cost and so on.
So to start with, the pipeline obviously will start by reading the logs.
To read the logs, we have information present in NFS, right?
And the metadata related to it, for example, the build number, the timestamp, and the status of it, is available in the MySQL database.
So we have two NFS locations specifically for CV and CI.
And right now, we'd be targeting the Bazel logs.
The ingestion component here will watch both the parts.
So right now let's say the ingestion happens in a scheduled batch manner around every 15 to 30 minutes so that we can help which helps us helps it to keep it simpler as well as predictable.
And in future we can move towards event based triggering.
Right, you're not sharing, sorry.
Keep suddenly shutting me off.
Can you see that?
I see it's floating.
Sorry, I promise I'm not doing that on my side.
It keeps on stopping my sharing and making me click resume.
Can you see an animator or is it still pending?
No, I don't see a column.
Let me just try to make sure I'm not starting.
Maybe I'll show my video off too if that holds.
I don't know if it's internet or otherwise.
Yeah, let me see it again.
Okay.
Can you make it small?
I mean, come see the whole picture.
Is it part of what is...
Yes, so we were at the ingestion part, right?
So ingestion, we got the logs, we got the metadata information, whether the build is pass or fail.
So this will create a kind of like a structured record.
For example, which logs files were found, what were their paths and so on.
Now we go to the next part, which is the B2, the parse component.
So once the logs are ingested, this parse component will break them into manageable pieces, into various chunks.
So we know that the basal build, it produces a lot of files, like around 40 or more individual files per build.
And these files are very huge.
A single language model cannot handle such huge files.
So we want to break down this huge file into various jumps.
We cannot see our screens going away.
Namita, here's what I'm going to do.
Let me send you the picture.
And why don't you share this on your screen?
I don't know what's going on with mine.
They'll at least get us through this.
This is an important one.
I don't want to keep interrupting you.
Sure.
It is better than our Webex.
Let me share my screen.
OK, I think we don't have much to actually do it on Monday or something.
Because anyway, it's going to be three times.
But my comment, I mean, I briefly looked at the picture.
Let's see, what's my next meeting is.
I can spend a few more minutes.
Let's finish this.
Okay, please go ahead.
Can we make it fast again?
Yeah, sure.
So we were at the parse category.
So parse will, here we are just creating various chunks.
No, here we are not creating any summarization or not using any NLP techniques.
Just creating various chunks which help us to understand the records, the structure.
Structure of the build log?
No, only the logs.
The logs are used, right?
We are creating only the chunks out of it.
So here we'll kind of create like a let's say a JSON object with the file, the error, the column number, error code, and so on.
So anything that failed, only the failed error record, right?
Not everything.
So everything we create with your chunks, because your summarization has not occurred.
The next part, which we will look at tier one, that is the one I think you're looking forward to.
So what is your data input?
What is your data input here?
Is it a build log data?
Yeah, it is a build log, error log.
So we know that it is a very huge project, let's say thousands of lines.
But instead of giving the entire thousand lines code to the next step,
we are creating variations of that same file.  which will be fed into our classification model which we see more in purple under green tier 1 tier 20 or 3 no no but one question I have so Justine I thought the build log is pretty huge right depending on the change if I touch a dot edge technically it will build like 300 components right yeah so you there it is again at the four of them so you always they're trying all around the same one for each build  shouldn't even matter too much the change if there's new changes,
right?
It was okay.
But the lab depends on being there.
But you know, the log size shouldn't change too much between those.
So what is the full build log size typically?
Like how many, what is the size?
I don't need the exact but high level.
So I've seen how many papers and like 50 MB as well.
Okay, so basically what you're saying is you're passing the entire 50 MB file in the way that B to passing.
But just passing the full log, that is like a console output, full log, right?
And the individual dead logs are there as well, which need to be looked at for any failure.
There could be multiple error logs.
No, but I want to know which, what is the input?
I still did not get the input like that.
Yeah, yeah.
Same thing.
This picture is not clear.
Like, what is the input to the pipeline?
The error logs that we use...
And are you from the builds?
The entire log is the input.
And that...
Is it called the GI build?
It can be anything.
It can be CI build or it can be CI build.
No, is it the console log adjusting or is it the backend log?
Yeah, it should be the build log.
So if it's a failed build, we'll have error logs in there.
If it's not a failed build, you probably won't see the logs in there unless you go to the workspace itself.
For the CI builds, the logs will always get copied over, whether it's a pasture.
But the logs format should be the same for both.
I thought you already had the log analyzers, no?
Is it not AI based?
It will work for CI as well.
So we create a pruned error log file that should show up.
The relevant errors so that that's in the senior building as well as the skinny build.
So those are much smaller Yeah So I'm just looking at one PI bill where the bill was successful So it was 600 make all the some all the bill dogs combined And one for the error  we have been failed so now i'm trying to still comprehend it so you got the full build log let's say you extract it and my pen is when you say i'm chunking chunking and what what is the what what is the d marker for you chunk chunk based on some size no i i think from the chunking perspective it's trying to get the individual logs out so there's one big basically giant appended 2 file  And chunking means to separate it out into its individual components so that those themselves can be classified.
So that you're basically making the problem smaller each time we go right on this diagram.
The problem is getting smaller up until that big three tier list.
No, but I want to know, that's not the point.
How this chunking is done?
Chunking is done because...
I found six.
So you're saying that 300 to 500 k lines files is there?
Let's say 500k lines are there.
So now what basis you will chunk?
Like when you say chunk, what does that mean?
I want to understand.
So there's some structure to those files.
Those files are not, you know, random.
So there's some structure to those files.
So the chunking would be based on those structures.
We can give an example of that.
I think Nimida already had that.
So we can present that to you on Monday.
So you can see exactly how we would split it up.
Because it's repeatable, it's got a known format.
It's not saying that at this line number we...  we group based on a chunk.
It's saying that based on the content within some demarcation within that file that's predictable based upon the logs that we've seen so far, we can now separate this out into individual subcomponents of that log.
Okay, let's actually I want to understand a little bit this, but the key thing here, right, we need to create some kind of a knowledge graph.
Sure.
Without a knowledge graph you go to AI you get junk and this project will be another year project.
So first we need to understand how the build structure is laid out.
How the build structure is laid out meaning if I touch a component what components are affected?
That is the knowledge graph.
If I touch a dot edge  What are the components that might be affected?
If I touch a dot C, what are the components that are affected?
If I touch a library, what are the components that might be affected?
First, we need to have the knowledge graph built at a minimum.
You are directly going on to jump in the solution.
The other side, it can be a linear project.
We will be iterating.
This is not working.
That is not working.
It will be an if and else condition later on.
First, you have to create the knowledge graph.  on how this entire build process is working, like a pyramid shape.
Once I know that a failure is in a node, think of it as a tree, right?
And you know the dependencies.
And once I know that there is a failure in one node, you know how effect on that node is affecting the downstream components and upstream components.
So I think the error clock service will do that.
So this component with kind of understanding which errors occurred, how did it?
Error is not a knowledge graph.
Knowledge graph is constant.
You can't extend knowledge graph on the errors.
I think Justin knows what I'm trying to say.
Basically the call graph, right?
Yeah, we need a call graph equivalent of each function upstream, downstream, upstream, downstream.
I mean Justin, we have what to build equivalent to that, right?
Basel will be having to, right?
So Basel, it's been worked on, it's been interesting a lot to build.
But so Basel will be even better, like you'll easily be able to figure out which, you know, what C file I need to use, what needs to be built, or what components are affected.
Okay, so first thing in this thing, I think you guys are jumping to the conclusion, is everybody chucking at all?
Please don't go there.
That's why we need that meeting.
But here is a Thailand thought, right?
Thought is that first you need to know how this entire dietary structure or the tree is constructed, okay?
And Justin knows what I mean, like that is our old top called what to build, but there may be a new terminology for the result.
He knows it.
But assume that you have such a call graph for a tree, right?
Now,  You you got a lock which is a flat file.
Okay, and You you saw an error somewhere Okay, that error typically will be in one module one component when I say modular component These are interchangeable.
These are the next those terms think of it as a folder.
You got a issue on a folder now the folder Based on your knowledge graph, you know how where it falls.
What is it's a current root node?
I mean where it falls  So, when you go to knowledge graph, you know that this node is here.
That means, if I change this node, you already know what are the downstream components that are there.
Once you know this downstream component, that means, if I make a change here, you know that these are the components that are getting affected, will get affected.
That means, if I change that to .h here, you know what are the guys that get affected already.
So, now, when you look at the log, which could be a 10 gig file,
I do not care.  you don't have to look at the entire thing you only look at the subgraph sub tree where you know that issue is right you extract those components law I mean what are the log files that are there now you have a some kind of a model we will talk about how it is but assume that now you know that if you are out of the sub tree I extracted the individual folders law and you know that these folders are successful and you have a failure chain here is a success chain and failure chain right  Now you also have a commit chain.
Now on this folder, what got committed?
You already know what's happening, right?
Then we'll go quickly associate to say, okay, which commit, right?
Which PR or which actually caused that particular build failure, right?
And that essentially means two things we are trying to give to the user.
See, it is not about fixing.
My intention is not just, okay, I got something, I give to AI, I do reduce the chunk and give the AI to go fix it.
It will not give it guys.
