So I'll just have Molly start with the introduction and the reason why obviously Suraj is the CEO and Colin is our AI leader and technologist by heart and Molly was in his past CTO at JT Modern Chase. He has a lot of banking customers and everything. So, I would love to show the demo and hopefully we will start with Zeblok Lab soon in the US and he's based in Pittsburgh, Mali and he has a lot of defense knowledge just in case. Boss. Based in Boston. Colin is in this book Both these guys Okay, all right, I'll take it away firstly. Thank you Molly no, I am founder and CEO as a block been at this venture since 2019 So I've been an enterprise guy I've been an entrepreneur say to mix bag I've been on Wall Street say close to two decades, fairly deep domain expertise in multiple areas, you know as some domains within the financial industry market segment. In the entrepreneurial journey and my focus is a lot on defense. I've also done, I've had customers in the past in life sciences and you know FinTech obviously. but also in the manufacturing space. Education market segment is also near India. We've got some good traction there, some exciting opportunities growing. We are currently operating out of the U.S. market segment as our own subsidy in India. We're looking to actively start TCC operations as well. So, in terms of size, we are under 20 people at the moment. So, relatively a small company. And the mission is to, you know, bring AI cloud to data. So, think Azure, shrink rapid, shrink the hell out of it, make it tiny, and say, how can I generate it whenever I want? Can I bring it into an enterprise? Can I bring it into opinionated clouds? Can I bring it into discount GPU data centers? Can I bring into tactical edge environments for defense? So shrinking it and generating it on the fly where we need it is the essence of what we do, number one. Number two, in that process we have given some very significant modes. in terms of innovation. First is the speed and velocity with which we generate this. The automation has taken us five, six years. So you can think about complexity when you talk about air gap, rack, and you want to create a whole cloud environment. That includes HPC and many other things. It just gets complex very quickly, running language models locally, and you're bringing egetics stuff locally, and you're bringing an app store experience to aggregate. your third-party assets into it and you know so it very quickly amplifies and multiplies so it's taken us five six years to really automate the hell out of it so with that you know our launches can create so that's our first one the second is we've been cleverly able to offload from GPU memory to high bandwidth fashion I believe this is extraordinarily important for the world. First, as we look at the new world where everybody is going to have 10 agents and enterprises will have agents and my agent is going to interact with the enterprise agent, the context builds very quickly in these agent interactions. The consequence is that all this context is held in the GPU memory. The consequence of that is that there's been a tremendous procurement of GPUs just for memory. Consequence of that has been that the DDR4 manufacturers moved all the manufacturing to DDR5s to support the HPMs, resulting in huge shortage of memory. And so I think all that craziness goes away if you can cleverly offload into other mechanisms. So you're using GPUs really for the compute as opposed to memory. Okay, so we now have some early benchmarks working with a partner company. I believe we can reduce GPU by 75-80%. Okay, so that's our second mode. So as we bring cloud to data, think tactical edge, right? Think ability to run agentic workloads on the tactical edge, you know, sensor shooter network, you know, come to UAS type scenarios. We can, so GPU is not only power, power translates to traceability. Okay, so very significant advantages in approaching the way we are approaching. And by the way, we are also the very first company to ever combine post quantum cryptography and upgrading the hub to edge topologies with PQC, enhanced communications, and that's a whole separate conversation. That's interesting. So long story short, our play has been to look at ourselves as an AI infrastructure software platform company. The journey has always been focused on best of breed hardware, supporting Intel, AMD, GPUs, and all that at the higher end of the field. you know when you talk about very high volume throughput type inferencing there are specialized hardware companies that we have worked with in the past so the idea is to make it you know desperate but 2026 there is also a state interaction to exploit some of the uncomoritized you know expertise if you will in reducing the GPU needs and such so so i think of bringing AI cloud in Iraq, you know, for oil and gas exploration, right, near the edges, right, bringing AI cloud at the tactical edge for sensor-shooter networks. AI cloud in Iraq for the most confidential data, because, you know, I've spoken to banks, people that I know, CTO plus levels in some of the largest banks, and while they spend five million dollars on... monthly subscription costs on infrastructure and all that. When it comes to that more sensitive data, they are worried about using it because some of the agentic stuff actually goes to access models outside in the public domain and you're exposed to data exfiltration problems. So whether it's a rack, air cap, or edges, and in the extreme manifestation AI cloud in a laptop. There's no reason why fine tuning cannot happen on a $500 laptop with what I'm talking about. So that's the venture. Some interesting people are affiliated with it. And my background is high performance computing and that was my research area and I was the... the chief architect on a project called Compute Backbone and JP Morgan, which back in the day was the largest computing platform on the street, 10,000 CPUs. So we used to build and operate private cloud even before the world, you know, cloud or private cloud existed. And yeah, I think we are on to something. It's been a brutal journey, but I think, you know, I was I think ahead of my time talking about All the things that I was talking and suddenly everybody's waking up and going, yeah, that makes sense. So, hopefully we can make something out of that sense. I'll stop there. Thanks, Molly. Very helpful intro. Just one question. How long have you been at this venture now since you started? So, this started in 2019. I have... You said about six years. You've been working on it right now. Yeah, and stars on my back with another failed venture between 2015 and 2019. That's a story for another day. It was an extraordinary venture, if you ask me. I think at one point, I'd say the world was not ready for it. I was building shoes as a medical device. regular shoes people wear, and we're talking AI in 2017 and 3. And that incidentally, I should call it a complete failure. That incidentally got me connected with Stony Brook, and that's where I had access to 20 tens of petaflops of capacity that they were not using properly. This is, you know, 2019 GPUs, and that's where I built the first micro cloud. I'm the inventor of micro cloud, AI micro cloud. We have trademarked that term. And the very first one was built that's slowly broken. It still runs and operates. I think we have 60 or 70 GPUs under management. And a lot of faculty members that win SIDRS, SBIR, SIDRS, they execute on the platform. And we've shown interesting commercialization pathways and things like that. So I'll stop there. Just one more question. I'm only going to talk about, you know, I mean, you're looking at different hardware models for this track or equally on the laptop, et cetera. So I'm assuming most of it is software defined in terms of how you would generate the micro cloud. Do you have any specific, I mean, and you mentioned that you're working with some of the, obviously the, I would say the commoditized compute platforms as well as some new ones. So this question is that, as you are moving forward or you sort of can, let's say from your switching to industry, is it tied to any specific form of hardware or they can pick and choose the hardware and your platform would run on that? The latter. Okay. But we are also actively now putting relationships with SIs in the North America region and GCC and Asia PAC region. We already have a few partnerships in place. to particularly exploit the flash capability to offload. And I'm assuming when you said, so it's going to be fully self-contained, all the needs including storage, everything is going to be fully self-contained in the, in the, in the course of Microsoft we're talking about here, or does it need any hands-free accessories also to perform? It does not. So microcloud, there are different layers of core. It's the cloud native architecture, so bare metal. So today, microcloud runs in AWS, Azure, Google, on-premise, bare metal environments. And then we have agentic launches that create the microcloud in the first place. Yeah, microcloud. And then you can establish easy on-ramps. You can get into You can provision a resource pool on a bare metal footprint, but you can also attach it to third-party data centers. You can attach it to AWS or Azure to create these easy on-grants. Then you have different resource pools, then policy-driven orchestration to different resource pools as needed. And the edges are established through the launcher, and then you have policy-driven you know, aggregation of assets. It could be inferences, agents, you know, microservices, pipelines, or whatever it is, and move that into the edge environment. And when you deploy the edges, you know, DDI is a very important philosophy for denied environments, right? So you want to support disconnected mode of operation and things like that. So there are various flavors of cloud data that comes with the picture, meshing, networking, and a lot of that is part and parcel of what we have, you know. packaged up and made it easy to, you know, enable in minutes. I mean, if you have multiple micro-clouds, do they sort of orchestrate between them from managing capacity and being more elastic? Can this be compared to the public cloud? There will be limitations on how elastic the resources can be, right? So, do this. Great question. Great question, yes. So let's say I so n equals 1 n is the number of data centers, right? When n equals 1 it becomes a truly air-gapped AI microcloud. Now I can use my installer to add secondary data centers into my microcloud. My secondary data center could be Azure or AWS or Google or it could even come from a discount GPU provider data center. So when it is AWS or Azure, they have much better tooling for auto-scaling. So we can exploit that. But we are also bringing auto-scaling into the on-premise. So I look at my job as filling in the blacks. The hyperscalers... I have a terrific story with how they deliver the object stores and drag and drop for data. And so if you want to fine tune a model out there, then a lot of things, HPCs available, data can be dragged and dropped. And of course, you'd bear through your nose to get the data out. But you have those abilities. So we've got those abilities on the micro cloud side when we bring it into a bare metal environment. So we have object store, plugins. So that means you can now do vector store as a service and DevSecOps as a service and you can do what if and zero trust and nothing will ever need the network. And publicly available fine-chain models can be imported and brought into the microcloud and they can be run and agents using that. So completely bypass the data exfiltration problem. in that sense, but it's a policy driven, so there's entity and access management that can enable a couple of OU units in an enterprise. One OU has the ability and permission to offload and do Azure, and the other OU does not. That can be respected in the architecture, and so that way enterprises can draw down on their commitments to AWSG. in terms of infrastructure spend, if you will, while also experimenting with the latest and the greatest innovations to significantly lower the cost of AI. I think there will be a lot of strategies. I advised Ajay at one point. Priya had connected with me. I know he did a video of a rat's face. And he's in Boston. I haven't connected with him. But I'm sure that there is a storyline here. We can create a whole business line with that. Ready to go. And we can bring the technology partnership necessary. to expand into this memory off-load thing that I'm talking about. So I genuinely think there is a huge story with Rackspace. And if you're talking to a customer who's sort of embarking into leveraging AI at scale, what's the value? Obviously, what's the value proposition here? Obviously, I'm assuming cost is one. the security aspect is there. So what's the value proportionate you've seen was made most with, I mean, executive in the industry. I mean, I would say non-defense industry commercial space. So I think the great question, great question. I've been expecting, so like in any other sales process, right, you've got to experiment with different tips of the sphere. You poke with different tips and see where it resonates, so to speak. Until 2025, I was always ahead of the curve when I used the infrastructure tip of the sphere. Why? Because Chad GPD came and sucked the oxygen out of the room. Every person was focused on how do I get my first use case out. Nobody wanted to talk cost. People told me on my face that, hey, we don't care about cost. Molly, why are you even focused on it? So the tip of the sphere that worked with those cases was the more agentic use cases. We have a very active partnership program that we call developers. We have a partnership with a company that does agentic learning systems for education market segment. The pitch to the computer science department or an education institution is that, hey, we can substantially lower So we give you an environment where simultaneous model training projects can be done and submitted back. Each student creating a sort of a Jupyter notebook workstation to do the job and all that is supported within the platform. And that can be, and it drives the innovation and ecosystem development from a university point of view as a partner of the SI partners or ISVs. and things like that. So that's a highly resonating use case. But then it's not just that. Wait, there's more. We have this agentic learning system. So you give me any domain, we can create a concept map from point A to point B, and create lesson plans and see, track the people, and progress through that, because that's an agentic system we've aggregated. Likewise, we've aggregated in the case of difference. interesting automatic sensor recognition, sensor fusion, radar, LiDAR type of data, and agentic capabilities. So that's another partnership that we have. We have partnership with a company that is doing banking and insurance related agents. So the way I look at it is that the language model is already commoditized. The agentic orchestration is where some innovation is being driven. That's monetizable. And we have a slew of partnerships that we can bring. This goes along the lines of the ecosystem thought process. For every dollar that I make, I want my partners to make $5. Thanks. I've been asking all the questions. I'm sure Pauline, you have a few questions as well. Of course, no, it's been, oh, there we go. No, I was going to say, absolutely. But it's a joy, honestly, to listen because these are good. These are a lot of the questions that I had too. So I think probably one that I would have is from the model perspective and from the hardware perspective. I know that one thing, because I actually got to do this whole journey myself at another organization. The two concerns that kept coming up so just interested that how you resolve them is one was like this concept of Hardware depreciate so they have some investment they need to make on their side Yes, it can run efficiently But reality is a lot of the legacy organizations aren't really equipped for any kind of compute And if they have it, it's probably set behind some kind of an Oracle System that's chewing all of it up. So one hand of it is on the hardware side, what does that look like as it evolves? Because I think what I'm hearing is that it's more about, there's some partnerships right now, some as I used to look into that as a standard hardware stack. But let's say to bring your own hardware situation, what is the lifetime of that? Does that factor into anything here? I may request you to double click on it a little bit more. So you're saying, so there are two scenarios you've painted. In one scenario, you have a company that has already invested into the hardware. In the other scenario, the customer is willing to invest into the hardware, but they're asking about the depreciation. the two flavors, right? Yes, so let's say situation A. The company is basically saying, yep, everything sounds great, but I don't think the hardware that we have on-prem today is able to keep up with this. We're basically at 100% load for everything right now. We'd want to buy some new hardware to do this. And when we buy that, we want to know. This is me talking from a non-AI perspective. I know the answer to this, but just let's go here. GPUs are coming out all the time, RAMs coming out all the time. What's going to secure this for me as a long-term investment instead of making something that's good for the next three years and then something new comes out in hardware space down the line that kind of invalidates that investment. So basically how transferable is this as we go through? Okay, so there are a lot of layers of questions in that, so I'm going to treat you as a customer asking me that question. I believe that positioning sandbox makes a lot of sense, right? Because you may already have a given infrastructure direction as a company, right? You may be required and mandated to consume resources on a hyperscale, right? That's your stated direction. Or you may have a direction that you want to go on premise, like you said. historically you know they are the box thinking not all of the box in the box thinking historically has been that hey there's not enough power GPUs are extremely power consuming you know i need 40 you know uh you know 40 you know megawatts no sorry not megawatts 40 kilowatt racks that have to be available and the density is going to become so high and the heating is going to be a problem and I don't have the ability to do it. So that's been the historical narrative, in the box narrative. I think there's an opportunity to say, hey listen, there are fewer ways of doing it. So what if you can reduce your GPU consumption by a fourth? And if that works, we will get you situated in third party data centers. So let's start with a sandbox to prove how this works. And then we'll take you into whatever your strategy is. If your strategy is to do with Azure and AWS, I've got some other clever means by which we can introduce. such hardware configurations, it will look as if it is coming from Azure, it will draw down your consumptions and commitments, but it will exploit certain capabilities, but the journey doesn't start there, because if you're gonna wait for that to happen, you're looking at two years. You can start this way. That's why the sandbox, I believe, is extraordinarily important, and hence, we have created the concept of Ziploc Labs. The block labs is how we work with the SI partners and ISV partners and other partners who want to work with us to take a new market-ready solution to market. So we can validate in a very small footprint what it means like. Customers can come kick the tires in that sandbox environment and the whole idea is to take the sandbox into the customers. I believe that the geopolitical shifts The need for sovereign AI, the need for moving away from hyperscalers, the need for, you know, the data exfiltration, protection, right, privacy. All these are strong tailwinds that will move the direction in the way that I'm describing. And that's the play we are making. That makes sense. And I mean, I have to say to your credit, you know, sometimes people think... And hey, there's OpenAI with this stuff. There's a couple of the other hyperscalers that want to get involved. We saw the drama that just happened with Claude in Tropic going to war with the Department of War. That's a lot of fun to sit back and have some popcorn for. But the reality is that- FYI, just FYI, in the defense space, I'm working with a team. We have access to three-star, four-star generals. The person that I'm working with, Priya has met her. She has toxic clearance. She can walk in through CIA. And she's also putting an AI fund very focused on defense bank. And Zablock is the portfolio company in that mix. And I also have projects that are going to start in the country US space. It's quite imminent, right? And so I'm looking to pull partners into, you know, execution so that because we want to keep the focus on what we do the best, right? You know, we don't want to necessarily build out a services company to scale out, right? So that's when I think it gets interesting if you find a way to work together. So my background in that, so I had to get my clearance too. We were doing AGL systems. I had to do laser systems for defense. So a really cool thing. The reality that is really good for Ziploc that I can speak to is no one trusts. these guys you know like the opening eyes of the world they can have whatever federal authorization they want it doesn't matter to anyone in the space we don't trust them we wouldn't you know touch them with a 10-foot pole they can say anything they want it's good to have things on the ground we trust on the ground we trust what we can hold in our hands so i can say that from you know inside the space uh absolutely that's true right and i genuinely believe you know and dropping getting out smart opens a massive opportunity for Ziploc. Absolutely. Because I look at it as LLM agnostic, agentic capability, bring the whole cloud experience through a bunch of machines. So we are actually going to be delivering AI cloud with hardware and software for defense. in broadly the county US and it's gonna also be broken out in Saudi later in the year. And that also manages the edges and this opens up the whole thing on what we think of as an edge hardware and physical AI as it relates to what can be done inside of that. So I think there's a big direction on the system of systems. right you know whether it's uh you know launchable from mare and launchable from ground and you know all that stuff right so i think we fit the bill perfectly uh when it comes to some of these things maybe last molly i'm assuming based sorry i didn't mean to catch up sir okay uh i'm uh i'm assuming based on a constant career you have some idea of what day one does or do you want to tell you about it more about the company i think i only know that you are yeah I just know that you're a great guy, and Priya is joined by one, and I trust Priya. So yes, that's all I know. Anything else is helpful. Very good, very nice. So, this is just my third week, and I'm completing my third week in the company, Molly. So, the company has been in existence, I've been in the industry for a long time, no more. getting close to 35 years, you know, so about 50 years cognizant, that's where, and me and Sumitra go back a long way, I don't know if you know Sumitra. Sumitra and I started working at Cognizant, at PCS together. So, PCS, Cognizant, I was CTO and president of a company called USD Global. Then I ran out of the company called Intellisift. It's got acquired by LGTS, and here I am. I spent about a year dabbling in geospatial engineering. completely away from IT services. My background is also infra. By the way, it's all connected. It's not too small. So I used to run all of infra such a expertise here at one point in time. And I ran the systems update group. So I have operating systems, networks, internals, and all those. So I had fairly deep under the boot, I know that I know the boot and die. So many years I was deep on doing IBM internals and stuff like that. So I've been in and running companies for the last close to 10 years now. And Day1 has been in existence for 13 plus years. The founders, both of them from Delhi, they found the company as a pure stopping organization. But I have to... say that these guys Rahul and Yogesh they run a fantastic job in ramping a company to 100 million dollars in 13 years which is not easy just doing staffing. A couple of you know aspects about the company from our emerging teams retail is a huge focus because that's where they found you know good traction and that's happened to drive a lot of demand. The second one is technology so we work with the lights of Google, Cisco, a lot of technology companies. These are the primary two verticals and we have also touched upon some financial services work as well. Broadly speaking, that's hope and company currently is primarily the central gravity in the US with our intent to grow our presence in India. We also have small operations in Costa Rica, Canada and Philippines. So that's, and in terms of core capability, it's been AI led by Colin. We have pretty good traction with a lot of customers on enabling AI, agentic AI for our customers. We also, quality engineering is another area where we have found good traction. User experience is another area where we have found good. So basically, we also chosen to pick and choose areas rather than wild ocean. So that's basically, I would say, a 100,000 foot level overview of the company. And good thing is that, we have a few more questions. So can I ask a couple of questions? Please, please. Yeah, so in terms of the broader revenue, is that mainly from tech or retail? I would say, you know, because of some really great accounts in tech, revenue-wise, it's about the same, but number of accounts-wise, retail is more. Likewise, so I understand your top three, right? So in terms of the focus, so user experience you said, and agentic application development. And basically using AI to, and Colin can talk more to it, we are coming across almost every customer conversation on how we could help them in their AI journey. It could be agent, it could be leveraging any aspect of AI, but those conversations are plenty to the extent that calling is bursting or it seems from a requirement standpoint. Okay. Okay. And what was the third one? So quality engineering, basically, I mean, yeah. But again, is that all the quality engineering? We are seeing a lot of conversations coming up, you know, and that is where I think our Direction is, because almost every customer I talk to is talking about how we could leverage the agentic capabilities to basically drive up the quality, drive up the cost, and all the other parameters of content. Excellent. FYI, we also have a very key relationship in that space. Another ISV that is focused on AI native development, meaning you're constantly generating, so it does more than just generate test cases. right, agentic test case. So that's also, you know, so we are in active discussion to pre-aggregate that within the micro cloud. So you get all the bells and whistles of the micro cloud, the benefits I described, plus now you get the AI native developing paradigm in a very secure environment. So only as you speak, we are having very senior level conversations around agentic quality engineering. So, a question to you is that based on whatever, you know, the high-level information we're given, where do you, what do you think would be the right way to position the block as a part of our go-to-market, you know, from your viewpoint, and I'm sure you've, you know, been talking to other larger partners as well, what might be a good, you know, way to sort of position the go-to-market? Okay, so I will very candidly and transparently speak, right, so that we make the best use. of each other's resources. Every conversation I've had in the last month or two, the answer is always yes, this is interesting, we want to do something. Not a single place I've walked away with somebody saying, yeah, you're not on the right track. But as a small company, we are limited by resources. So we have to pick and choose where we place our bets. So I've taken a position that whoever works with that, there has to be a willingness to participate via a ZLock Labs mechanism. Because that's where it gets real. you know, involvement, active, so developers from that side, our side are involved, right? There are some market-related solutions that can be tailored. So in your case, you know, you've got, you know, agentic use cases, maybe in the retail industry, right? And there is the, you know, the testing thing that you talked about, test-driven, you know, agentic capability, right? So I'm just making it up, right? So it could be anything, fill in the plans, right? The idea is that we, We need to work with something concrete as a starting point to identify the go-to-market opportunities in the segments where you already have customers. But it's not just that we are a technology provider, right, and bringing infrastructure here with some extraordinary capabilities. I'm also committing to, like in defense, where there are opportunities. Where I work, there will be other projects where I can deepen the relationship. But the first thing that I'm looking for is that a willingness, right? Is there a willingness to get into that mode of operation, right? To have that innovation map, right? I'm going to call it Bay 1 innovation labs, right? Powered by Z-Lock labs, right? If the timing is not right for that and we don't want to do that, then maybe we'll find some other time to work together. But to me, I'm using that as a litmus test, because we really have to move this to some concrete area. And that's a nice way for me to understand where is the focus, because A then that tells me that the value prop is clear. It makes sense. And of course, in order to make that decision, whatever is needed, that's my responsibility to provide. I have an environment to kick the tires, C is real. you know all that obviously goes without saying but but the execution pathway in my view is Z-lock labs right or bay one innovation labs right with which we target maybe tech industry segment retail industry segment right and and Z-lock may bring opportunities you know that would come from defense and somebody like Colin you know has worked on a few things I can see how I can put them in. Sorry, are you done? Yeah. Quick question here for, you know, basically getting started with the Zbloc labs, the co-branded innovation lab here. Any, just want to get a sense of what type of investment that would take to get you in here. Absolutely, right. I think it will be worthwhile to have one more conversation. focused on how we want to penetrate some of your existing markets. So certain use cases, certain things that you may have may require more resources, then less. We have a view of what is the minimum, call it a starter package type view, in terms of kit that gets us going. First, we have the ability to host it. Do you guys have a place where it can be hosted or not? I mean, there are a bunch of things that we want to get through. And then very quickly we can sort of size up the bread basket. My focus area in Mali in India is to start the delivery center and capabilities for technology supporting Colin, right? And that's my focus in Chennai and Bangalore, wherever the clients want. So I'm going to use this as a opening point, right? To create B1 Innovation Lab powered by Zablog and start creating... things coming together, not just quality in product engineering, user experience, all of it, right? We will have a playground to say it's not just another staffing function. So this is what we're going to build. And might be I'll use Aminash or Whosoever who's in Chennai to create that. That's never an issue. But my point is from a selling motion, right? Because Bevan is so North America centric, and they have a pretty huge footprint. And we are trying to move that staffing company to an end to end delivery. It's like, Perfect balance, both for Zeblocke and us. So in that context, how do we co-create a lot of emotion, right? From in terms of enabling our people. And as soon as I was thinking aloud with Stony Brook or whatever universities, it's like a testing business. Education could be another vertical that we could focus on because that's like nothing, right? Empowering students to start using and that's the best way I'm telling to evangelize the co-created solution from us and Zeblocke. So might be, it's like no risk business, right? In the Bay Area, Stanford, you might use whatever, right? You guys can figure it out. So might be with your connection, we'll focus on education as an additional sector to show the value to the founders, right, Molly? So I'm thinking aloud, right? So don't worry about what will you do with it. We will create, co-create value from a services standpoint. Obviously, we'll not touch your co-product, but periphery with call-in support and everything. So what is needed is I know that there is a convergence conference in Delhi where we will partner with you and look at the pipeline and similarly in the US Nvidia. So it's going to be sometime in March 3rd week in the area. So I know that if you have a sales most night or Molly, it'll be good for him to come and articulate, right? To the sales people. Yeah, I will be at GTC Nvidia. Okay, perfect. We have sales training planned that week. Yeah, right. So I think, so yes, I think university, so we already have a Zblot Labs type arrangement at Stony Brook University, right? But that doesn't have the new generation hardware yet. with some of the capabilities I'm talking about. So we have SI relationships now put together in the US market segment to bring the newer capability. I think it will be good to put the Bay One innovation lab right in the Bay area, in one of your offices. So one there and one in India region, if that's the direction, if you're targeting So I don't know whether India, you're looking at it as a market or as an execution. Execution. At this point, there's a lot of execution in the market. So let's keep it more focused near the market. So we should create one in the Bay Area. And that's a model. And once you have that, then I can help him. Let's open up a front with Stanford or some of the other universities there to see what it means for them. I'm sure there are. Programs that we can if they so one one advice I would give is that Every market segment looks very glittering and glamorous and all good. It's better to keep focus on like one market segment You know and we execute the hell out of it, right? So if it is retail, that's where you have maximum accounts weekend I mean, that's a huge market by itself, right or if it's a tech companies 10 companies, you know, I think the conversations go in different ways. So I think retail is probably, my gut feeling is a better place to go. Active conversation coming up, which might be the right place to be the song. Right. I think that may be, and so that way, globally, wherever Zeblog gets into a retail conversation, I can always... come back to bay one and say hey this and this there's a wonderful retail opportunity here right and then so then there's so you guys so that way you know there's a way to pull you guys into that now on the defense side that's one thing that i'm very closely looking at and i'm happy to get you know you guys plugged in if you move on the it'll if you're if there's a willingness to move on the on the Zblot Labs concept. So maybe two quick things on that. So for the defense side, definitely a lot of money there, for sure. It's like anything that touches defense immediately gets three zeros added onto it. I used to joke around, I paid $5 for a screw, whatever, doing these contracts. With that, is that, I'm guessing, that has to be US persons that are going to be working on that in the labs? 100%. Yeah. OK. Just wanted to confirm that. We could create, right in Pittsburgh, from Carnegie Mellon, create a sub-clock lapstead, not in Bay Area. Do you have Carnegie Mellon connection coming? I used to actually proctor there, so yeah. OK, good. So I have some discussions coming up with the CMU. I know companies that are big SIs for defense. that I have deep CMU connections and those conversations are coming to me as well. That'd be great because they get a lot of business for that exact area at CMU. Excellent. Right, so for me, you know, it's the velocity of execution. Again, you know, it has to be, so, you know, so in that case, you know, Bay 1 would be a sub to Z-lock and whatever the arrangement is, you know, they will go as a block. until such time that we have clarity on how to execute for the defense will be a little tricky one from an execution point of view. But again, the message is that this is not just a tech company showing off some tech stuff. There's a real business and we have needs and we are looking at this a block lab. There's a way to A, validate that skills exist. you know, there's the ability to execute on both sides, right? And that way, you know, so the innovation labs, customers, your retail customers and such could immediately benefit and new business opportunity comes to Ziploc and then, and based on the integrations that we do there and how we work together, we have a sense. So we don't, in that environment, we don't necessarily have to, sort of segregate the defense, you know, I'm sure calling your family with all the requirements on, you know, segregation of networks and all that stuff, right? I don't want to go there just yet. So long as we know that people are there that have the skills, US citizens, we have enough to pull them into, you know, we can pull them into some opportunities that we pursue. Absolutely. I think it's very clear. Yeah. So it will be along the lines of what you guys are already doing, which is, hey, you want to build an agent. Now you're building agents on the micro cloud platform. And it's all air capped and the whole platform gets set up. But the idea of developing all the creation of the application side of it is not where we want to dilute our focus. Because we want to stay horizontal in that layer. The surest ink of this is creating a marketplace for pay one, right? Pay one verse. We will have for industries, agentic apps, call in this is for you to say that, hey, this is our, we will kind of recreate or reuse our stuff so that we don't reinvent every time. So we'll be the first in the services space. And just Molly, if you give access to call in. he'll tell tomorrow how the product is his hands off right he does several home automation even today so that way both are in east coast and that's why i was very keen to have him in the call because he's at the same time zone as you are okay just allow me a couple minutes both are we have three footprints at the moment and all three are actively getting utilized give me a few days i'll get that sorted and we'll get solid access So we'll have the NDA, then we look at the pricing and I'm so excited if we create a big news whenever Suraj and you are in India, I want to press release that we have an innovation lab powered by ZVlog for AI infrastructure for Viva. That's the first communication that I want to do. I think we should do it. We can target the GTC event. Exactly. So I think that's why I was very sorry. I know I just barged into all your calendar. I trust your judgment. So thank you so much. So I know right away we will move very fast because I think it'll be differentiated compared to many others, right? And a couple of people that you remember Raghu and Manish Parthi from UI part. So Manish has joined a simple AI agent AI store. It's again barrier based. And Raghu is again an AI services company. So for me, from a scaling talent recruitment perspective, I'm trying to talk with Raghu to see if we can leverage because there's no brand for Bewan in India yet. So all of this, eventually, Impaigar, the person who spoke to RPM, is already talking for the UAE and middle Africa region. In fact, he's flying out of Muscat. He's coming to India because he got stuck there. So he told me he picked up some flight. It's really sad, very dicey situation. All of it will go to one end to grow Bay One. In America, defense, I'm still keen, Molly, I know you'll have big, big heads there, but give Bay One because what they have done very smartly is they have a talent engine to hire citizens. I saw their AI application in Delhi. They do everything from there, but they can recruit people in no time and put them through the training and luckily call in the state with defense background. So we want to at least grow. grow in the defense segment because it's again a assured business right government business i don't want to lose that yeah yeah and you know you know manish and simple ai again you know yeah so that's again getting aggregated into the micro cloud so it's one of it's one of the isvs so so we are very proud of you know this whole z block verse concept right but then every Zeblok labs or every innovation lab, they want innovation labs powered by Zeblok labs, you know, will have its own universe of ISVs that can be aggregated and showcased and it's about verticalizing and creating market-ready solutions in that industry segment. So that's the playbook. Okay, pleasure meeting you. Thanks, I really appreciate it. I will give Surat's number and I will give Molly's number to you and call on us so that you guys have us. numbers if you want some immediate on the time. Thank you. Okay so we execute the mutual NDA so if you can send yours we can get that going. Second I will come back on a date and time when Colin can access the environment. Next we will have a follow-up call just to you know discuss a little bit to understand the sizing, the size of the bread basket. right and then we'll work out the numbers and then you know our broader timeline or our near-term timeline motivation announcement is the GTC bet. Thank you. Thank you Molly. Thank you guys. Thank you Paula.