Jaws don't fall off. I... I... Oh my god. Like, I wanted to scream. I wanted to, like, shake someone by their shoulders. Like, what are you doing? Colin, this is a Fortune 10 company. What the hell? And they work with a ton of federal... like... I mean, it's unbelievable what they do and they just don't have any confidence. What the hell is going on here? It's crazy. I mean, I don't even know if they ever see so. I don't know. I'm surprised. I mean, like from a technical angle, I have to tell you, this is probably the easiest thing we've ever had dumped in our lives. I don't. I mean that one thousand. Like I thought, like I came in, I honestly did all this prep and I was like, okay, I can talk about Azure Purview, Azure Sentinel, like all these like fancy things. And I'm like, they're doing like, I mean, no disrespect, but they're doing like internal stuff. They're doing like internal stuff. When I was talking about OCR, I was like, what? Are you sure? You just want to focus on documents? Like the approach is like they're like, it's like someone literally bought like an AI 101 book, like for like a teenager and like flipped to the first like chapter, read it and then said, okay, let's do this for, you know, a $60 billion plus enterprise. That's crazy. I mean, that's great for us, but that's crazy. It is. But that's what I was trying to sort of explain internally that this is what we're dealing with at every level. The bigger the companies are, the older the people are, more entrenched like your people, right? Nobody has any idea. They think AI is chat GPD. You just put in information that you get stuff out and that's AI for them, right? And it's a huge opportunity for us to basically go in front of these people and say, you guys have no idea what you people are. you know, what is the flow of layers coming with it, right? And that's, that's where it is. Yeah. I mean, even even from like, I know, like, the one guy, I mean, I'll just say this to you, he's someone that like tries to like, sound smart, but has no clue what he's talking about. Like, frankly, like, like, negative clue, like, like, even when he was talking about like, redaction versus identification, I was like, Dude, how do you do reaction or reduction without identifying what needs to be redacted? That doesn't make any sense. Exactly. Exactly. What? You need to ingest the data before you know what to do with that data, right? So it's interesting. So how I would like you to at least think about this long term is, you know, how can we obviously solve the problem? That's the first thing. But entrench ourselves in this bigger and longer, right? Think of it as a, and Brad obviously is the lead group, right? He's controlling all the funding and the direction. He's not technical. Mikhail is the director of product management. He's not technical as well. He's just looking at a certain outcome, that's it, right? And then there will be some of these engineers that eventually start coming into the conversation, right? Again, everybody fairly smart at their day jobs. But, you know, I don't think they have any vision of this, right? I mean... They're talking about a rag chatbot, dude. I mean, they're talking about, like, one of the easiest, like... I can't even... Oh my god, I'm like, I'm boiling right now. I'm like, how in the heck you guys have all the resources in the world? So again, think of it in such a way, and you may not be able to dump everything on their plate, they will not understand, right? But how, and again, even I may not be able to articulate it, but hopefully you were able to sort of drive this from a road map standpoint, right? figure out that small piece, right? Put in a hook at the end of that small piece to head off to a bigger piece and then start scaling that out. So just think of whenever you're starting to think about that solution, just think of it from that angle. So when we present, you know, hopefully they get to that point where you're like, all right, this is phase one, now this is phase two. When you do this and phase three and next phase, right? The only thing that I probably need a little bit of help with because I didn't push it at the end because I was like, I'm getting it like this guy, let me kill, he's not. He just thinks what he thinks, I get it. But for them, they are conflating two things together, which we will need to separate in order to even write a proposal for them. So for instance, their whole use case, that's pretty much a rag chatbot. That's it. Yes. All this complexity they're talking about doesn't exist. It's their own mind. They're creating it. It's in their head, basically. Which is good for us. I mean, that's fine by me. So the question that I tried to get them to answer at the end, which they called it technical, and I was like, that's not a technical question. I'm literally telling you, tell me a couple of the starter use cases. You can't just say documents in general. Specifically, like you say you have all these tools, pick the biggest one, let us know what it is. Let's focus on that one, because you can't just say we'll try to boil the ocean, try every document ever, because what'll happen is, and probably what they already tried, is you need specific examples of things. And one other part of it is how much access we can get, like how embedded we can get. It helps us be sticky. But for instance, this whole business with the customer names, I'm like, you are essentially talking about a synonyms lookup table, dude. Like, this is not even an AI project. But the thing that I need them to pick is like, from our angle, we can come in and we can say, it sounds like even something so simple as like a POC of give us a doc, tell us one thing you need to redact on it, or a category of information. Well, that's like a one-day demo for me. But the problem is they're being too general right now. They didn't specify an actual tool that they're using. They just said, oh, yeah, we have all these tools. And I'm like, pick one. Pick the biggest one. Tell me what it does. Articulate that. And then tell me what documents would go into it or what documents feed it. There are two ways She's actually... restrictive or I cannot share this information and just be kind of better than whatever it is, then we may have to go about creating examples of a few of these. Like if this is basically what a doctor looks like and this is basically what the question is and have like three or four simple examples and you know create some sort of demo around that. I would prefer not to go down that road because it's more factual if they themselves have that. Like all all I really need from him is to like give it a name beyond we have a bunch of tools like literally like What does it do like not not the documents? I don't need examples. I don't need specifics But like are we talking about cuz he mentioned like 20 different things like he said Oh people can ask about customers or submit a support ticket and then he was talking about you know drawings at one point I'm like, what does this do? Like I think I don't think they know is the point. Okay. I think is something that I can get. Either that leads to another follow up quick discussion with the person who does know, or we will get the permission, or we will get pushback. With the current project that we're doing with them, we get a ton of pushback from them in a different way. They're like, well, why don't you show us what you guys have done. Mean I can hit them with that with like over the head with a two-by-four cuz I mean they're talking about like you know like teething teething rings and I'm talking about like Like what I would say, I mean this is one where I would actually you know and I'll even say this to pray This is a rare occurrence where I would actually say boil the ocean Yes, because yeah, I mean why not I mean it's so easy frankly and what they're talking about for us to get embedded in that that's a huge contract and you know the funny thing is I actually completely disagree with their approach and their way of thinking about this but you know whenever you said a thousand man hours and maybe it's worth it at the end if this really do you know what that told me immediately and number one they have no idea how much this costs which is great yes Number two, they have no idea what kind of effort goes into it, which is also great. Yes. You could do it in one day and tell them five months. I don't think I'd do it. No, no. And number three on that is, so you said a thousand man hours to do this one thing. And I'm like, well, the funny thing is this. You already have people look at this and it's not even close to technically correct, which means there's no in-house expert on this topic. No, they don't. They don't. and you know and that's where I am getting a little excited you know not from the technical piece of it but you know it's like oh my god like they have nothing they don't know anything we can go in and tell them you know this is coming from Timbuktu and it's being shipped on this freighter you know they will buy that I mean they wouldn't care they wouldn't care they wouldn't care they would have better or something for sure you know this is sticky business that doesn't and they love working with a partner for a pretty long time, right? And that's basically what Deloitte and Kaptima has been doing for them. They've been booting off them like for years. So anyway, not going down that rabbit hole. So as a starting point, my suggestion is, you know, just drop in an email to Pat, I will work with him on trying to get you the information that you're looking for. Be very direct with the ask, right? This is, you know, what I would love to have. I know it's gonna go back to Brad. So let's see what Brad responds back with. You know, if it is not intellectually like IP or confidential or whatever it is, then we have a pretty strong opportunity to basically maybe have somebody come in or even get us something right for that. So yeah, let's ask for it. And I think one very last one, I just want your opinion. I would propose this, but if you don't like it, then it's not even worth it. No, no, no. Go for it. So for this one specifically, this is a good case. So Pat was awesome, this meeting. One thing I felt, I wasn't sure where it was going with this, but I'm like, oh my god, no, don't talk too much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that maybe it points, but he peeled back, which was great. And the second thing is, there's one thing he said, which is not true, but I'm thinking this can actually be part of what I can help with, even internally, because this one is, you know, all the AI topics, this one is one that is conceptually very crisp. So if there was interest, because this is one where we can take this one at Lamb and really, ram it down their throats. For instance, like he said, the tools, they're not structured. That is completely false. They've been very mature for years. Defense companies use them. That is a Twitter read. But that's exactly what I can give. So if we even took an hour, and I just said, high level, non-technical, here's how this actually can work. Because that way, other people can talk about this too. Because this one is not technically deep at all. Yes, perfect. There is absolute interest because like I said, it's something that I definitely don't on the ground. There are some of these, again, any large customer that wants to do AI but has no idea where to start, they all start with these basic things, right? And it would really enable the team to basically understand this. If we get to it, right, and get into an advanced stage, We can absolutely create this as a case study and say, go pitch this, right? And we can really replicate this and scale this across other customers that are non-technical, right? So yeah. And this one touches so many different boxes. I mean, it touches on the cloud side. I think the one thing that they desperately need, they were talking and I'm like, are we talking about RBAC? They were talking about IAM, and I'm like, that's called RBAC. No one calls it IAM. IAM is the Microsoft term for it. It's role-based access control. That's it. It doesn't make sense. But even from an IT perspective, I'd love to figure out even their appetite for, I mean, that can give us an even different angle for the scope of work. Yes. Yes. Because that's absolutely that's an overnight thing and that's that's really not bad like none of this like everything I was like confused it was like I was expecting them to be super technical and maybe not technical but very like difficult and Meanwhile, they're like, yeah, we try to computer science one-on-one approach to classifying text and got stuck and I guess Accenture did that or was that right? That was their prior partner. Yes. Yes, so Gapsium and I have been around there. Those are the two major ones that really love to embed themselves in there. I know there are a few other players as well that are playing around there. But yes, like I said, the intention here is to start off slow because they just don't have the vision, right? And we might have to create hooks as we go along to continue to keep enhancing this vision. I know Brad is very open to ideas, right? And so that's where our opportunity comes in that, hey, you know what, this is hitting this particular system or this Azure stack or whatever it is, and we can enhance this even further to ensure that your incoming data is even more cleaner. So there's just so many angles that we can go down this road once we sort of start embedding ourselves into their teams and their processes. It just opens up massive doors for us. I know at this point in time, right off the bat, they might not be able to tie those things together. Again, I'm not busy saying that they are not smart enough to do that. I just don't think that they're there yet. I don't think they're there yet. I'll say, I don't think they've got that in them. I'm saying that. I make no apologies on that. And I'm not trying to do mean, I'm just trying to say, the way that they're approaching that, I am so surprised that they have not had an actual incident so far. Even what they're saying with restricting, they answered a question I had without answering it. One thing that everyone should know in this world about engineers is that they will find a way to get through the door if it is locked. They don't even know what they don't know. But I mean, from an enablement standpoint, they're going to be, you know, this is something where it's really easy because right now they're just thinking about like a chatbot. And the good thing is, is typically the chatbot things actually are like a rag chatbot for document that actually generally has a really bad business justification to it, because it's really tough to prove and say that people are using it. But they've actually already done the homework for us whenever they say like, oh, here's all the value. Here's the things we've tried. They're already sold, which is great because usually people are like, oh, how much do you want? 50,000. Meanwhile, they're like, you know, just just the sheer impact of it. But I would love to talk to them if they have. So I think I have to come in person for the sales thing. Yes, that's yes. You should. You must. Yes. That's how we land the business. So, you know, drive this with Pat, Pat's going to be very supportive of this. I will make sure that, so I am unfortunately out next week for spring break. You know, so I want to make sure that, you know, this ball is moving in the right direction for you. And it's, you know, because I know once this is going to kick off and we are very close to that, your bandwidth is going to get stretched for sure. Right. So, again, like I said, let's take this. When I say slow, let's take it. from a piecemeal standpoint, right? Let's focus on just the immediate ball that we have in front of us. Ask Pradeep what you want, right? Very crystal clear. I will work with him to try and get information back to you by tomorrow, if possible, just so that you have time to work through this. Are you flying in for the sales workshop as well? Yes, that's actually what I was getting at. So that's why I gave that kind of like wishy-washy answer. No, that's good. Yes. So I got a volunteer that I will be. Yes. So let me check the email right now, but it sounds like... Yeah, I think he's already booked out what else to do. He's been pretty quick with moving things. He seems pretty excited about all this stuff, so yeah. So he booked it, I think, from the 24th to the 27th, which is... I wish he would have done 23rd, but that's okay. So that means that I'll be in person from that Tuesday to the Friday of that week. Yes. So if we wanted to, what I can do next week, I'll have, when I say this, this is going to take me like a day. I did this before in a much heavier way. But at the same time, what I can do is maybe we can all meet up whenever we're in town, if we have time. And then we can go through the proposal, polish it up. You guys know the team better than I do, but for sure. You can kind of be the be the translation because Yes, no, not a problem at all. Just Because I don't know what we're dealing with next week to be honest And he's blocked out pretty much the entire day on all pretty much three days, right? So I don't know what is the time commitment that we'll be able to pull out You know, so I would suggest Keep that as a cherry on the pie But let's assume that the entire next week is pretty much unavailable, right? And so if that's the case, let's factor that in while we go through this. If we need to have you fly back in for a formal presentation, we will figure that out if that is available, that time zone is available for you. But yeah, like I said, let's not go too far into it. Let's basically just work on the information that you need at this point in time, and then we'll keep evolving the situation as things go along. Sure, sure, sure. Yeah, sounds good to me. A lot of fun, a lot of fun. Awesome, awesome. Thank you. Thank you so much, guys. I appreciate all your enthusiasm with this. Yes, it's fun. I mean, I'll put it this way. It reminds me of something, but this time people are saying instead of... You know, go kick rocks because you're younger than me. Now people are like, give me your ideas. And I'm like, that's great. Wow. We're going to make a lot of money. Awesome. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you so much. All right. Talk to you soon. Bye. Bye.