Hey everyone. Yes, there we go. Hey bud. Hey bud. Interesting. Can you guys online say this over here? Um, um, no. If you have a Dr. Marker, maybe. Well, I'm going to, I don't know, maybe, but what we wanted to do today is, Michelle be right here. So we have slides, but we wanted to whiteboard to have an interactive discussion, because usually when you have stuff on slides and you want to draw an arrow or you want to do something, it's very difficult. Because this I think is going to involve evolve into some Q&A obviously and some hey, you know the types of things so we were going to Why board the discussion? I'm not sure exactly how to what's happened. I was just going to try to do We can maybe open some document on shading mode and do it on that, but I don't need it. And one more we could do too. Pat, I'm not sure if you can join, but maybe you could join and even put your laptop at the screen. That's an option too. Oh, okay. Well, I guess that's very innovative and creative. We do our best. If you want to start with that. Okay, were you going to wipe board? I'm searching for one document that I have. I need like one minute for that. If I can't find it fast enough, we'll wipe board. Okay, this can be it. What's that? Intros? Is that what you call it? Yes. How are you? Yes, I'm doing great. Very nice to meet the both of you. So yeah, this is definitely super excited today. So maybe I can give you a little bit about my background, what I do for Bay One, but I think the reason why I'm really excited today is because I think we have kind of a lot of alignment maybe between what I've done in the past and I think what I believe today is about. I won't say too much before I hear about it, but that's why I'm excited. My name's Colin Moore. I'm our head of AI here at Bay One. So beyond Bay One, where I came from first was actually coherent. So coherent from laser semiconductors and advanced materials side of the house. That's where I started my career. I was there for about a decade. And I started out actually as a process engineer, ended up being an R&D engineer, ended up being a chemical process engineer again, and then ended up getting kind of raised up through the company to run all the AI initiatives. Eventually got to the point where we founded and started their AI Center of Excellence for Cohere Corporation. That evolved into having about 50 members from all parts of the globe at that point for Cohere. Really cool initiatives, some of the same problem statements I think probably are at land. Certainly this one today around, you know, redaction of materials, sensitive things, IP. very heavy at coherent as I'm sure it is at LAM. So I was both lead for the AI Center of Excellence. I reported right to the CEO and CIO. And we were able to do a couple of things that might be of interest. I won't pitch them to you. I'm just trying to give you some context for today's discussion. But I was a primary advisor for the legal compliance cybersecurity teams. I was also there for all of our space and defense, doing things with ITAR, CMMC, DFARs, things like that. One of the fun things that we had to navigate was doing things in China. So definitely managing IP, the exact same problem as I understand it right now, I think we have a good grip on. So really excited to meet the both of you and talk more about this. Great, yes, nice to meet you as well. I want to introduce you. Sure. Yeah. My name's Mikhail Kravenko. I'm a head of product in Brad's organization. So on the product management, I do IT design and the product order. So both ideation and execution part of the process. Awesome. And I run the knowledge management and event services organization. mostly supporting many different flavors of our support business group. So let's just see what I've done for now. Awesome. We're going to meet the both of you. Yes. I think everybody else knows everybody. I think so. Yes. OK. So we will be using whiteboard. I know exactly which slide I wanted to find, but I think it's actually what Christian owns, so I couldn't find it. OK. All right. So today is all about sharing what we believe our, well, what our problem statement is. We can talk, I think, about what we tried to do and maybe what we learned and maybe what some of those results were and what we really want to be able to do. is really bring everybody up to speed on what's our problem, what are we trying to achieve, right? Ask some questions around that, right? Because we want extreme clarity on that. We don't want, I mean, so we don't want to have the discussion right now about, oh, I've got a technology solution that can solve that. We want a very, because we've heard it before, we want people to be, we want the team. to be able to report back to, or to repeat back to us, there's a very clear understanding in what we're trying to solve, right? And so that's critically important. Then we can figure out, okay, what are the approaches we can take to actually prove those things out, okay? And we're starting very, very small. And some of the things that I think we want to prove out, or we tried to prove out in our initial, correct if I'm wrong, account, was just really about two attributes or two data fields, right? Because if you can't get those correct, and you can't redact or do whatever we're trying to do with those, you can't escape, right? We want to start small, but then once we believe that we have confidence or we're getting some of our outcomes, then we can look at how we kind of address the broader scale level, okay? All right. So hopefully, so I'm going to turn it over to Michael, and I'll let him go through this. Please, let's ask questions. If there's things that we're not saying, Please inquire what those are, because there could be information that we didn't think about sharing that we want you to say, hey, what about this? What about that? Because it may be relevant or it may not be relevant. So it's better to ask those questions, seek that clarity, than to just take what we're feeding, so to speak. So to set the premise, what I wanted to put on the board is our overall workflow that I'm going to use to represent some of the business cases. And that is our workflow in a troubleshooting. So I'm using the troubleshooting as the workflow is self-help, where you use the search tools or you use the AI tools to search for things, right? To see if you can seek the answers, if not. you go into export help, and then you go and what we call escalate, or it's more of a structured troubleshooting, more experts are being involved. This presents us with two separate workflows from a perspective of the IP and security. So number one, Let's talk about search. So when you're searching for things, there could be customer confidential information, the CI documents, and there could be other things that are located in this area where you might or might not have access to, right? Now, overall, what we're trying to achieve, we're trying to achieve productivity, right? We're trying to make sure we can bubble up. as much information as possible without violating customer IP, without violating our IP as well, so that people can solve problems. So this is one use case. How do we, in the search area, are able to produce meaningful results, removing customer confidential information? Well, is it worth saying that our current mode of operation is we over restrict? 100%, right? And by doing that, we know that we're limiting because we're limiting the knowledge, the information, that kind of data, because when in doubt, we just restrict it. Right. Which is not a bad thing in the larger scheme of things, especially with the IP lens effect, right? because it could lead to a lot more loss or other trade. True, but we're also knowing that we're limiting the productivity, the capability, because we don't share that much. Exactly. Yeah, so if document three has the path to solution, but you only can look at Intel documents and this sits in a Samsung space, you're not going to see that. So a very fundamental question on that, and maybe we'll dive deeper into it later. But when we hit this search bar, we're referring specifically on this field, service technicians in this case, so we'll talk about everything. Let's talk conceptual. It's not about a specific field. I know Brad mentioned a couple of fields. The reason is we want to promote those couple of fields, right? Let's say customer name, file name. Sometimes those are just enough. whether it's, because we don't have a single search for it. We have six search formulas. So that's why I want to talk conceptually, rather than specific systems, because we have, in some areas we have a single source, in some areas we have many, many different systems. So let's talk conceptually. Yes, sorry. So two quick questions. I'll keep them short because I don't want to take the momentum here. One, totally understand. I think one is on like where this kind of knowledge-based layer is sitting at, regardless of what application it's for. Is there one unified place or is this kind of broken up by each application? And the second is how is governance today? Is it something where this is a problem for this specific case or is it broader than even this like Q&A type use case? So for instance, like from what most people call it, it's like a shadow IT perspective. Is this a problem where you have like individual level people that are violating the system are at risk for violating? Or is it more just a general concern for the tool itself? So it's general concern for majority of our tools, and that's why what Brad refers to over-restraint, right? So what we're doing, we're putting policies in place, which basically creates hard barriers. Because we're saying, OK, we don't know if this document contains IP. We're just going to, by default, assume that it does. We don't want to risk it, right? So it's more that's where over restriction starts coming in. And to answer your first question, because we have many search tools and ways of getting information, Some of the databases or some of the stuff is segmented and different. So there is not one, you could say data lake or something like that. So there doesn't mean that that's not in the future. But as of right now, because of the over restriction, sometimes we'll say, okay, this type of information lives in this, and we'll just take a little search on it. But the thing is, is now you have a seven or an eight. You're at nine, so you're just creating silos of what you think is the right information to serve through that. And then again, it's another form of restricting. Absolutely. And this also limits to what data we can train our AI agents on, right? Or our AI mobs, not agents, but our models on because, hey, if this source is restricted and we cannot control whether this data could be trained for general public, We're not going to pass the source to the model to train them because we don't want to assume that additional risk. Is the data currently, again, a lot of it, the initial problem itself of the IP. Is it segmented and has already tagged, which is IP specific? So there could be some metadata depending what you're looking for. Majority of the data that we're concerned with today for this discussion is unstructured data. So it lives inside documents. It could live inside the meeting transcripts. It could live in the procedures or a problem test. So we're going to get to this when we get to here. But this is a separate use case. First use case is enablement of self-help, right? And this is where the search capabilities come in. But yeah, that's a good question. Mostly unstructured, though we do have in some areas metadata to identify the customer or to identify something. It's not 100%. Because this is a very known last 24 months, this exact thing, even with agents coming in on the UI side. is the unstructured data versus to structure it and then like actually the other two. And this is one of the things we looked at for example if it were to use ML models what it would take us to label go through labeling exercise it was over a thousand man hours just to get the labeling up and then continuous maintenance so that was fairly expensive activity doesn't mean we don't want to do it all I'm saying is with looked at the labeling activity to do exactly what you're saying, but that's one of the reasons we're kind of limited to fields to see if we can prove out. And if we say, yeah, this case is where all the things sit, maybe a thousand hours is just peanuts compared to the productivity gains we could gain by opening this up. So that's a possibility. And yeah, to your point, I think. Since last like 12-24 months, so much has happened in the generative AI field. The guardrails are still not tested for production or tested in the field. So that risk is already even anthropic, and you name anyone. Even Google for that matter is not able to ensure they are still trying to do it as we speak today. So one thing I don't want us to limit is to just LLMs and generative AI. So for example, I am jumping a little bit ahead. some of the things we've actually tested was more with machine learning rather than generative AI. We actually have not used generative AI to prove any use cases, not because of unstructured data, but because of unstructured output. If it does mean we can't, all I'm saying is we decided to go with something more definitive that can tell us redact, don't redact. rather than at a structured output that LLMs typically produce. I know it's prompt, you can make it structured, but there's limits to that as well. Yes, and I was just giving an example to the other, obviously, tools and all, because I understand, obviously, here it's all about Microsoft, so it's going to be a good thing. This column is very diverse in the ecosystem. And in detail, you know, the tools that are there. So, and I'll let Colin maybe talk about that. From an AI perspective, in the compiler, we're really talking open AI model, right? Because compiler using GPT models, right? They don't use open AI. I should not say that. That doesn't sound right. They use GPT models inside. Yeah. Okay. So, that's our unstructured bulk search type of use case, right? Once we go into the space of ask for help and escalate, we have another use case. So in these cases, you're asking for help to a specific community. You're asking for help to people that are experts in certain areas, or you might be asking for people that are within your group and so forth. This is where it gets really tricky, because again, the way you ask a question, could present an IP risk if an Intel person asks the question in a way that exposes Intel's IP and a Samsung person. And remember, what we say in Samsung, which really means in-lab employees, but that still, Samsung trusts us that it's not cross-shared, right? Because there could be like, oh, Samsung solved that problem, but that could be very proprietary. Right, so we need a way where the way things are entered into the system are policy controlled, that you shouldn't be putting a sort of confidential information into your problem statements, more into the answers. Now, here we've tried two different things. One, we tried reduction approach, meaning the same kind of bulk strategy on the machine learning side where you don't protected at the entry. But once it's entered, we have a bulk of data sitting there, it actually removes that, right? Our current tools also have the restriction model the same way we have on our searches and data, meaning you can only see what we choose not restricted. So again, we're over restricting, and there could be cases where this issue was already solved at another customer, but because there could be customer identifiable information, and there we cannot present all the questions asked, but when answered to the inquirer, we have to only show what we think they're able to see. If we're able to open this and this as a possible path to solutions to general audience, then we're able to again, from the productivity, right? Because there's path to solution that's going to be faster. So we have two use cases. One, how do we control it on entry? And here's the thing about that. This is not about reduction. This is about detection. Does it have to be perfect in this case? No, because again, we have policies in these applications. So it's more about the big brother approach. How fast? Because this is real time, right? How fast you can get. to detect and notify the user that they would have possible violation of customer confidential information. And then a more heavy-handed reduction still happening once the data enters the flow to truly make sure things are not violating, right? And once we're able to build that confidence, then we can open these tickets up to general. population, where today we're very segmented. And it's very similar in both cases. So in here, we've tried two things. We've tried the reduction approach. And again, as we run up against 1,000 plus hours of labeling effort, and we've tried the detection approach. The problem we ran into this approach, and a little bit in this, was not the accuracy of detection, but the accuracy around the false positives. Because this particular space is super sensitive to false positives. If every fifth thing I say, hey, you possibly have a violation, then you're like, no, I don't. People are just not going to trust it. And if you constantly give auditors notifications, say, a possible violation, They're also going to not trust your system. They're going to turn off these notifications. So we're much more sensitive in this space to false positives rather than over-redacting, right? Because this is real time. These are notifications that go to the users where this space we're right over-redacting. So if we over-redact less, we already have success. Whereas here, that's important. We're still accuracy is important, but false positive sensitivity is significantly more critical in this case. Are you going to have to thoroughly run the redaction? Because it's not like we want to block it out or remove it, in some cases. Sometimes you just want to auto-suicate it in kind of a way. And again, it depends. Redaction is a technique. Because in some cases, if it's inside a picture or like the OCR picture, you're still going to just retrieve the document rather than... So now we're getting into techniques, but that's what I'm saying. whole reduction is more heavy-handed because there could be multiple of curvatures, how you redactor, what you do once you... And so it's still a detection, but a different type of detection and what you do with that. Whereas detection at this level, it's more real-time, it's performance in both positive, sensitive, this could run an hour, this has to run... within UI, whatever is UI standards, two to five seconds max, right, and so forth. Colin, go ahead. So just a couple of quick questions. So one would be on, so when we're talking about the, you know, the system in general, is there like a stack that this is deployed on? When I say stack, I'm not talking about development stack, but more like infrastructure stack. So I heard co-pilot. So is this all on Azure? Is that true? Or is there multiple platforms that this is deployed on? Oh my God. This is like ever like anything you can make up is because again, these are not free systems Yeah, right some of it on pram some of it is on cloud some of it is eventually gonna move to cloud some of it is lamb GPT so we still have Open and like the GPT models within lamb some of it is again cloud but bots so anything you can think of most likely this is a hazard Because these are not two, three systems. I'm not describing a single system or three systems. These are flows. These are flows. But we do want to focus on cloud first going forward. So that's our plan. And again, I don't want to dive into technical, but we also want to focus on microservice architecture long term. Whether we do or not, let's say these solutions, that's a different thing, but that's our kind of aspirational goal to focus on. A couple of ways that we can go ahead. Sorry, Pat. All I was going to say, it makes sense, and that's a good thing. It's common. It happens. Gen AI is so exciting. People love to do this. A lot of things spring up over years, even months. Sometimes there's new things that come. The second part of that would be for redaction, because that's an interesting one. That's actually why I initially asked about a data lake. Redaction on the output tends to be, like you said, very heavy. Because first, you kind of have more of a classification problem first before you have an identification problem. Classifying into, you know, is this a drawing? Is this something that has a customer name? Those are handled differently. So if you can identify that, that helps to speed things up. Doing it on ingestion, that's what I want to ask the question about, too. Because how do things actually get into the system? So I heard databases on one. Are users also uploading documents? Is this connected like an Oracle back-end for things like that? There are so many systems because we have procedures. So keep this in mind. There's many ways, like you can see hypothesis and an answer here. Some things, yes, we have standard procedures. But some things, especially, for example, when you're in escalation flow, we actually have if they schedule out of the system, Microsoft Teams meeting, it's transcribed and it's automatically attached to the ticket. So there is discussion. I'm not going to be able to give you a very neat answer how things get in, because yes, the majority of our concerns is with our procedures and documents. But in this case, this is an unstructured data entered by people in their problem statement. They could say, hey, I'm on my phone, Fab11, and I have this issue with this tool. and we don't want them to say micrograph-11. We just want to know what you're talking about. Yeah, yeah. It's kind of like, tell us what the problem is. So that's why we said we're going to focus on the first. If I say, hey, I have an issue with the Sun's eye tool, generic enough. Right? So we want to redial. And you made a great point, because in both cases, in this case, in this case, it's detection. It's just one is not performance focused. One is more accuracy focused. The other one is good enough. less false positive performance focus. In this case, we're not doing redaction. We're just doing detection and we're stopping there. We're letting users know that they might have issues and that we stop with the detection. In this case, there is nobody to ask. We can't audit every document. So you are relying on this to, in some instances, either say, I can't redact and I'm going to redact, or no, I can't redact even though I detect this. So you're still going to restrict the document. So a quick query on that. You would come? Yep, OK. OK. Well, like for any of these scenarios, or at least the pros we're discussing here, these are all lab internal, right? So is user identification part of the query, especially when we're inputting? Because both of, even by ingestion. So some of the ways, amongst many, where we have seen people are trying to solve this, because it's still evolving, is identify the user itself. Think of privileges. Think of access management, think of identity message. So that is also built in, but it's not part of the redacts, because we're not redacting based on the user's specificity. Our policies are generic. You should not put customer identifiable information into anything. Digital, right? So it's not about the user and whether, if I work for Micron, I should not still say I'm part of Micron. Like, I'm Lami employee working at Micron site. So it is, but it's more on the output. Let me make sure I understand what you're asking, right? So are you asking that it's like a role base, like we know what their role is. And we know, okay, you're an office worker versus, you know, somebody like servicing the equipment and then also where they're located by like, like, so we do have identification could be What is it? Well, okay, but we identify people by the work center. And the role, because what I've seen in the ecosystem. Okay, I'm going to say, I wouldn't say it's super robust. I'm going to say we do have attributes around some of that stuff. The company's working on getting to more of an IAM identity access management. And so that's an active program that's been going on probably for about two years. We're making progress there but I wouldn't say that it's like super robust. So where I was going with that and what we've seen in some of the environments that because it's still very important last few years but therefore AI. Right. So that problem itself of who to show what because what you would be able to see maybe I or anyone else may not be able to see and should not be. So certain like users itself one you identify the user both for the input and for the output. So a lot of that problem is solved. So we do have that to an extent. So for example, I'm going to use the escalate example. If a person at Micron is going to open a ticket, people that identify as part of being Micron will be able to see and search all those tickets. So that exists today in our tool. What doesn't exist at Samsung person opens a ticket. And again, land employee, not Samsung, because these are internal tools. But Samsung, nobody at Micron able to see that ticket, because they will be able to identify there is a possibility. But I think what Brand is mentioning, I think where the IAM part of it is, right, the Identity Access Management, if it's working, I think it will eventually come to the place where it's going to help quite a bit for the problem. I think in the future more help, I think to Raquel's point. We do have ASM that governs access to certain things, right? So like our escalate flow area, right? And we even have the capability in there that a user can make a conscious decision to restrict the entire ticket and or attachments by attachments. but not by all the different entry fields. They can do the whole thing, and then it's restricted, or they can specific documents that they may actually upload. So I think ASM, but it doesn't govern everything. It only governs certain things that it's actually tied to, which is our more sensitive areas, that it's been a hard idea. but we don't have an enterprise-wide IAM thing yet. I'm not saying the company, I mean, I know the company's working on it, but it's not something easily transformed. So I'll give you a scenario like how some situations are working. For example, if they will identify each user, like you, Michaela, everyone else, and then understand, because the inputs and ingestion is happening from user that's within the Lambda ecosystem, and then it pipelines, and obviously it takes to the models, which ones identify the attributes of what level they're at, what authorization, geographies, what skill set and all, and then further process it based on some of those attributes. But again, it's a very... And I understand what you're saying, but again, it requires that labeling effort and metadata, because here is the problem. And one thing I didn't put on here, there is the feedback loop, because we want to actually drive down the usage of these systems by doing what? Once the problem statement and the answer is identified, we feed this always back so next time people come in, they self-help and they don't have to ask the question. The problem with that, all of this is unstructured data. So even if the user was identified, it doesn't help us because long term it has to feed into more general population. So yeah, I can provide that this user or this group ask the question, but it still doesn't tell us if here there is data that they shouldn't be putting. Yeah, and like I said, we have policies, but we were able, when we started this project, I'm like, how many tickets is gonna take me to find policy violation? Seven. Seven's ticket, there was a... already concept-renade. So, I mean, and this is the point. We're trying to protect against the human factor. And until we have confidence, we can't fool and build this feedback loop and take unstructured data that we know is restricted, or potentially could be restricted, and feed it into the general training area. So can I just add something just for time? Totally. So, obviously, when you're over here... There is this is very very costly. You're right when you're in this phase Also, it's effects customer trust other other things. So the goal is to drive this down And drive this up even ask questions so theoretically Right, you will never get here. The goal is to get here and drive it and drive this down drive that up because we want to Again, it's productivity, but it's cost, it's customer cost, it's other things. And then precisely, that's actually the ROI on the ML, KI, all of that is predictive analysis. Because once the root cost analysis of, let's say, 10, 100,000, the data points come in, then it predicts it in the very first layer itself. Like, hey, this is going to go back. This is its like cycle of high technical engineering. So you're going to absolutely add some. Hours or minutes. days, weeks, months sometimes. Yeah, no, no, I mean, if it's very, because people don't live in this space for too long, because if they are going to answer, they immediately force an issue and escalate. So this whole area will want to drive down. And our approach or our goal in the business case, one, let's start not enforcing the policy, but let's notify you to potentially could be violating. still leave it up to the users to say, yes, I am. No, I'm not. Because we're never going to get it accurate enough, or we can 100% block it from entry. But what we can do when they enter, then starts looking at the data that is already exist, more heavy detection and reduction when possible, so we can feed this data lighter, faster, good enough, think rather watching kind of message. heavy-handed detection and redaction so we can safely feed this into the general with the ultimate goal of dragging this down. And the only way we can do it is with this feedback flow. Right, I think again, I would say it would go one straight solution per se. It's a commoner. And there are multi... And that's why we're separating. That's why I'm drawing the entry points. Separately from this flow because basically what we're saying this reduction lives here. The other one is that Every entry point when I need it here because you type search we don't need to say what your search was, right? But we can all of these need their separate to separate at least for us to identify two separate business cases So in all of these steps of what we're trying, or at least the problem statement you're trying to bring here, I'm assuming since it's a very large and complex problem, you're still taking a smaller pieces on what you want to try to solve first and prioritize some of those actions, right? Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah. So we want to present the problem and give enough information. There's many different approaches to this, right? The message is we want to start small and prove incrementally that we can solve certain things. And we're also looking for feedback because we can't be the only company that have this or are experiencing these types of challenges. So also interested to get a different perspective on where and how we should approach and start this in an incremental fashion to prove, okay, we can, or there's things that we can do to address this. We know it's very complex. We know there's probably not going to be a one-on-one end-all thing, but if we could, you know, understand what those approaches are, those trade-offs are, that's where we want to kind of take the next steps, right? And then if, like, we're like, yeah, this makes sense, then similar to what we did last year, we would try those incremental steps to see proving out. that we get those things, right? And this is where I think we want to get to some rapid prototyping. I mean, we don't want these things to take months and years, right? We want these things that we can chunk them down, prove these things, and then kind of determine, because not everything may work, right? But I do want to also stress, I know AI is a very sexy word, but it's also a meaningless word. and not married to any specific AI technologies, LLM, machine learning, or anything like that, it doesn't have to be an AI. Preference on AI? Sure, because your kind of ceiling goes up with AI, what you can do afterwards, because other solutions are very important solutions. But I just want to make sure that that message is clear, right? It doesn't have to be. multiple things that need to be done to like put everything in order and again it's not about like how quickly or how fast we can do it but the idea is to do it the right way for the longer term because you don't need to just solve it for today this week and this month and make it work for a quick minute or you want it to really scale with everything around and I'm assuming this is horizontally in the organization, you're looking at the long-term solution, right? So you start with the small things, but the approaches I can think of is from the data side itself, from ingestion to output to even access and identity, and a variety of factors will be there. But the quick solutions of the redaction itself, whatever piece that you're looking at, I think Colin can come up with that, and he already has some more questions on this. Before I, I think I want to address one thing you're mentioning, and that is detection versus reduction. What I've presented today is two separate business use cases. When we say small piece and MVP, I would expect them not being jumbled together, but they could be separate swim lanes. Correct. Yes. They can agree with each other. Yes. So a couple of questions. One is, so when we're talking about When we're talking about what we've tried so far, what specifically has been tried? Because the thing is, you do have things on the cloud. You do have things in the scattering of on-prem. So what I'm wondering is, those two have very different approaches that you would take for either of those techniques. So what has been tried so far that was not successful? Is it things like Azure Purview? Are you using Azure AI Foundry for the cloud side? And then on-prem, what does that look like for what's been tried so far? You're not talking to a technical audience here. But to an extent, I'm able to represent. So first of all, we put MLOps in place, and we've tried training a few models. I can even name them. We tried Transformers model, Spacey, and I don't remember the third. Oh, Azure AI model. So we've passed the training data to it. But because those models were trained with global data as well, not just our data, we were hitting the rate of false positives of around 20% per ticket. Meaning 20% of tickets ended up with 20% false positive rate. And we needed this number to be way below 1% end state, right? We've started trying rule-based models, but we haven't gotten far because, again, something like a fab. could be spelled many different ways, right? So there were ones, they're the accuracy basically created because the data is unstructured. Some people put a micro 11, some put F11, some put PAP space 11, PAP dash 11. Yes, we know that we can actually put all these permutations in a rule-based models, but now we're policing this non-stop every day as new things come up and so forth. So those were the two things we tried. So in one case, rule-based models would be good enough and maybe fast enough. But the accuracy was fairly low due to different spellings and so forth. In the other case, the false positive rate was prohibitive just from where the models were trained at that time. OK. I think I was back to the Colin's question. So AI Foundry, Adjunct on the Azure part, are you using both of those? Again, I don't know what that even means. So again, it was a cloud-based MLOps put on Azure cloud, but the model was, like I said, Azure AI model, space and transformers. That's as much as I can actually... Yeah. Oh, good. So I think maybe the second part of that is... Just to be honest, because I had to do the same thing and there's no way to do this unless you have some kind of a common control plane. And what I mean by that is there has to be commonality between these applications. The good thing with that is about 95% of a rack application is identical. The only thing that really changes is maybe some strategy for ingestion, maybe the end use case is a little bit different, but the actual architecture fundamentally is relatively the same. But if you want to, you know, kind of put your lasso around a lot of things at the org, you know, taking that snowball approach, you know, pick the things that are the highest impact for you first, absolutely good way to start. But overall... You don't want to keep things so fragmented because you're going to end up trying to, you know, play whack-a-mole with this. I say that from experience. It's the same thing. People have their own custom solutions. They love them. But at the end of the day, there has to be some kind of a unified control plane for how information gets in and how information gets out. And to be frankly speaking... The whole problem is that whenever you make information known or available to AI, that's how information comes in. That ingestion part is so critical because even if information comes out, you shouldn't have to redact anything if this part actually worked. It's not possible. It can't create that from nothing. So it can make stuff up. That's a different topic altogether. But making sure that entry point is very robust, that is where the biggest bang for your buck is going to be here for sure. It's easier than you would think if you can have that common control plane. The more diverse and the less governance that's over that space, the worse this gets and it gets worse over time. So that's what I would say. Maybe from the standpoint of what's the appetite for something like that? If you were to say for the applications they have internally, is it something where we can pick the top end of them or is it something where we would have capability to say, we can give you a very nice integratable place where Things can get stripped out early so that they're stored right the first time because then you don't even have to worry about downstream. You still should check it. I'm not saying that we do defensive depth for everything. But for instance, if you can have that unified kind of layer first, that's what's going to help you the most out of anything we can talk about. And the other part of it is training custom models. is okay, but there's definitely things out there that are very robust. I won't dive into the technical part of that, but knowing what was tried, that's a good thing. I'll be honest, when I heard 20%, you know. or 80% success rate, that's pretty much out-of-the-box chat GPT. So probably, to be honest, the fine-tuning didn't do anything. It's equivalent to what you would get out-of-the-box with an untuned model at all. The fine-tuning actually went from 20% to 17% today, exactly. And that's why we paused it. Yes, yes. And which is industry standard right now. Yeah, but for example, in the way we wanted to do proactive notifications, in the way we want to prompt the user that they're violating policy, 20% is absolutely unacceptable number, right? We can't live with that. Right. So to answer your question, Paul, and I think you were asking there is, we are open to any and all approaches by also understanding what are the trade offs and what are the you know, outcomes that we can expect with those, right? And so, I think anything and everything as Miquel was saying is on the table. We think and we believe that we can, I don't know, CNF, pilot, POC, whatever fancy word you want to use, right? And prove that that is the right approach to start to address those challenges and problems. anything's considered, right? So that's why we're kind of looking for a broader knowledge base to understand what are the other things. And again, we're not fully married to AI if there's a different approach, but then you use AI with this other thing and that gets you what you need. But then again, so I just wanted to say that we're open to any and everything as long as we understand kind of what those trade-offs are and how they get us to the outcomes that we're looking for associated with the problem we're trying to solve. And we're not expecting to be revolutionary and right out of it. Evolutionary is absolutely fine. That's super helpful because I will tell you the biggest barrier to this for most organizations is absolutely that kind of appetite to change. Appetite to saying we have to do it this way or that way. That's why I have to ask because it sounds great in this conversation to be honest. I'm excited so we can come back to you with something here. I absolutely think that we can. I think probably the only other one would be that I can ask. So three things, three categories maybe of information to be redacted. I just want to see what is relevant to the LIM, what's not, because of your customers. So I'm familiar with some of them. Other ones, I don't know what you have. One is on regional restrictions for access to these tools, if there's anything there. I know LEM's US-based, but if there's anything globally speaking that is a concern. So let me answer that one. So we do have, whether you're an employee or you're a contractor, right, or you're an LSP, licensed service provider. So the difference... So there is restrictions associated with those, okay? We do have certain restrictions even if you're a land employee. So if you're a trade restricted employee or you're in an embargo country, there is restrictions based on your location. But you do have people in those regions that are restricted, but those people are flagged in our system that have an identifiable flag that they are a TRI employee or something like that, they even have a different colored badge. There's some attribute there that can be keyed off of, right, or that can be leveraged. Outside of that, pretty much if you're a Lambloo badge employee, you have now again, there's different philosophies on that. I'll give you an example, like there's some discussions right now like... in our engineering system. I'm an office worker. I have access to all our drones and schematics. Do I use them? Do I access them? No. So why do I have access? Well, I do have access, but I don't ever use my access, right? So there's discussions in the company about, well, we shouldn't give access to people that never need access to this stuff. Why do they have blanket access, right? But it's just an old. Right. Those are old philosophies or the old ways of like doing things So we do want to put those in place and later is more like an evolution But it's not something that is a major issue to solve now That's more of just like tightening things up later and just getting Better at at some of this. So hopefully that answers the first question. I just want to answer the questions along the way just just so we don't I want to make sure we're not introducing noise in our business case. Because I think, and maybe what we're doing right now is talking about this. How does this data bubble up to this user? And I don't think that's like, that is a separate use case. That's a third case. What right now we're talking about is how do you get this into the solution repository already being scrubbed? or how you prevent the entry point. So what we're describing is actually a completely different use case that I didn't present, which is, yeah, when it's restricted, how do you solve that? I don't know if we need to focus on that. I just want to caution against that. OK. Is that clear, Colin? Yes. All good. The only reason I ask is for the purpose of ingestion to the system. Because, for instance, sometimes even if the knowledge is there, you have to segregate it. because of different audiences at the compliance level. So for instance, if you're doing ITAR work for the military, common use case there, you have people mixed at a site, so you can't do site level restrictions. And it's more about what you check about who's uploading what. Because part of detection, something that makes it more robust, is to say who already would have that privileged access that I need to look at a little bit closer. So like, for instance, I'll give myself, I had, you know, a high level clearance whenever I was at coherent. I had access to things that would, you know, make your eyes pop out. And if I uploaded something, I had some special scrutiny on me because they knew that where I was coming from, I had access to that highly classified, highly privileged information. So only reason why I asked, but definitely a point taken there. But some of this is already built into our system. So that part is already there, but that's what's causing over restriction because we only have that information, so we have to indiscriminately restrict on these things rather than saying very specific pieces of information. And you were talking about two other things, Kalv, just to complete on that. Yes, yes, just one more thing, because I feel pretty good here. And that's on the distinction for unstructured data. It's really not a problem, to be honest with you. It's more the data that's being used for machine learning, just because that was the case. Is that something that you're worried about now, or is that something that should be waited on for later, if we were to come back with something for you? I actually did not answer your question. To put it in a different perspective, what Colin is mentioning is to have, let's say, pattern recognition kind of thing from the data to interpret more potential solutions. That's what you mean, right? To utilize that data to predict and do other things eventually. Not quite. So what I mean is that when we're talking about Gen AI, we're typically in the realm of documents, texts, unstructured data like that. When we're talking about machine learning, we could go into the realm of formulations or, you know, process documents or process variables, things like that. That more numeric scientific data. Is that something that's a concern right now for this type of an application? Or is that something later on? I'm not saying it again. Our MVP, customer name companies, which tried machine learning for that as well, right? Like I said, the false positive. I'm going to say unstructured is probably the initial. OK. Yeah, because all the entry points are unstructured, right? It's procedures that are written, people putting the problem statements in place, people responding to the problem statements, et cetera, et cetera. OK. Yeah. OK, then. Thank you. Just a couple of other things on this. So in this entire problem statement piece, I'm assuming the team is the business stakeholder, right? So how is it currently working? Are you owning the engineering piece as well, or are you working alongside the engineering for the solution itself that you're trying to build? Brad owns both product, engineer, and kills that guy. I own the entire thing. Oh, okay. I am the business case, the product definition, the ideation, and the openness. I've been in my organization. I have everything from business, program, product, to technical. Daniel is the technical. Daniel, program, me, product. So between the three functions, we put scrum teams together. All right. So I wasn't sure if Daniel is working on this piece as well. So then Daniel, Daniel and Daniel. So the same theme is working for you. It's broader. So you only met three people, but you know, Monica was blessed. Even some of the people, but yes, end to end. with a brass beam. So the reason I asked was it's not even more complex than other beams have to be. So it's everything that you and your professor. I think that's not that big of a concern. Of course, there is, of course, matrix pieces. We do have some systems within this flow that we don't own. But our initial focus is to prove out this case within our systems. If we can prove out success. you can start branching out to other places. And I was just going to say the follow up meeting that we would have on this. So everything is just you, this team right here. Yeah, we'll bring in a broader set of folks. We just wanted to make sure we had focus on the problem, the kind of challenging, kind of so forth. So we had clarity around that. And then, yeah, in the follow up, we would have others here. to look at the different approaches, trade-offs, Q&A, those types of things, because then we bring in other folks. Yeah. No, I just want to make sure that Colin had some more technical aspects to it, because, again, I'm assuming Colin is very eager to get into the technical piece of power. Yeah, we can connect folks, too. Sure. Yeah, they're all. Initially for this it's all it's all I want to be really clear like it what if we decide to go there It's not gonna be me like writing user stories requirements. I'm gonna have somebody as part of my team You're gonna your team is gonna be working with it's not gonna be like did for the pod working because that was a pilot that was the only reason That's not a standard mode of operation. Yes, yes. I always like to say everyone else has a day job, you know, so my day job is this. I get to focus on this. I love this. And, you know, maybe my final question, you know, and I'll leave all that. Thank you so much, Pat, for it, because it's exactly what I wanted to say. From your perspective, let's talk like high value targets for this. If we had the initial, let's say you call it, like you said, whatever fancy word, three letter word we wanna call it, where would we be best to focus? Is there like a specific platform that you're looking at right now or use case internally? I know there's a lot of different systems and tools. What would be the most impactful for you if we were to tackle it immediately? Two things. Number one, one of the things we wanted to...