Okay.
Before he joins, maybe we can both walk.
I mean, I know I'm the security side of it.
I must be able to make out any other help before he joins.
For sure.
So on the security side, I haven't heard anything back yet.
There are some, so I followed up with them, but I haven't gotten much resolution back.
They still said that they were reviewing things.
And they said that you'll probably hear about it before us.
But I told him, you know, I'm available at any time for any reason, so that we can get this resolved quick.
As of right now, I'm not sure if it's intentional or not.
It does not look like anything is actually suspended, even though it was said in the messages that it would be.
So at least there's no blocker on our site, but we're treading lightly.
We don't want to poke the bear here with them.
Everyone has that time, so we'll make sure we handle this.
I just wanted to make sure if you have accident, let's keep going.
And maybe you may not come back to me, depending on the severity of the problem.
Don't be around quick.
So on that side of the house, yes, we should be good unless anything comes up, in which case I'll raise it immediately.
Yeah, I think mostly something like this means they are okay.
They just take something and they figure out it's okay.
They make this fun at the whole time.
But I'm glad that we have access so you're not taking anything.
So that's your thing.
Yes, yes.
The only other item that I know, I was going to bring this up today, regret this.
I'm going to have a call with Mahavir today.
We've been waiting on the access to the ADS machine for now, I think, going on four weeks.
We've phrased it multiple times in person.
We've phrased it on messages.
I'm going to set up a call and just get to the bottom of this one.
It's kind of the same answer every time.
It just sends the documentation for the temporary ADS.
I don't want to miss a deliverable for next Friday to you.
We're going to make sure it at least gets deployed on the temp ADS regardless, but I'll flag it to him today.
But if I don't get a positive resolution from him today, I was going to elevate back to you for resolution.
Since the very first time we talked, since actually the very first meeting that we had with Srinivas, even beyond the team that was brought up all the way back then in writing.
So we have the history of that.
So it has been a problem and I know Namita and Srikar have been following up in person too.
Every organization is different so good clarity for me.  thank you good okay so we can go with the rest of what we have in mind okay let me pull this up um so i sent out uh the image in the chat i'll give this document let me share my screen rather quickly um so we got a lot of good information this week and i think we're on track for next week as well  We just wanted to get some clarifications so we can make sure it's up to the standard first-range bus that you want.
First and foremost, so MCP, we're on block there.
We have access.
We're able to get all the OAuth taken care of in VS Code.
So we are good now with the CatX MCP that is already available.
So that's a really nice UI from our angle.
So it's very well done here.
I made it nice and easy.
All we had to do was give it to CodeX and we were able to get it set up.
That is one thing that's unblocked.
I'll come to that as a second item.
But maybe first, I know I had to mess on Wednesday.
I had some family things going on that I had to take care of.
But one clarification that I wanted to ask you for was, so we showed that we had built a skill for issue categorization.
And we had put together some dashboard graphics that were all self-contained in HTML.
For us to deploy that, kind of two things would be needed.
And I think these are upstream of the CAD-MCP, and that's why I'm bringing this here.
Because the CAD-MCP would be used to go and resolve those issues and pull the details from them.
But that's kind of a catch-22 because the issues need to be categorized first.
So the question here would be, we can get this running.
We can either have this running as a background scope.
There's a lot of capability already that exists on DeepSight, and otherwise, for us to do that, we just wanted to know the format that would take for you.
What would be best?
Because we could do it in Airflow.
We could do it with fast API.
Any framework under the sun that you want us to use, if it's something that we could deploy on DeepSight.
My lack of knowledge here with DeepSight is if it is capable of running background automation tasks that are steadily ongoing, so it's like an observer loop.
If that's the case, we'll do it there.
If not, just wanted to see how we should, you know, kind of fill forward this data as we go.
That's the big question.
The problem is I don't have some words to learn, you guys.
I think this is another problem we have as well.
This is not the idea, so I think that the server...
Yeah, we need a, like, to pull something, you know, to give the real-time status for, like, a release date, or managers, or whatever, right?
We need a server to host it.
So, I think it's like the first layer.
We're using four of them, right?
Three of them.
They got three.
They ordered four, they got three.
I had a challenge.
What a problem.
I have here.
And I told him that they need the server because they have this model thing and what not.
I told him that we need to figure it out.
How do we get a player on the deep side so that he doesn't bother about the tokenization and other stuff.
Because we solved all those problems, computer and everything.
So any hold of the servers, compute or model thing, we are burning left and right even the premium keys for the FLARE.
Because I tried to optimize it when I was doing the FLARE earlier, but it's still burning.
So one way to free up ourselves with our tokens, GPU requirement on the FLARE.
Also in the compute, right?
We need to bring flair on that himself.
Just a thought I told him.
He said, yeah, it's a good idea.
I need to do it.
But for this project, or even for doing myself any R&D, I don't have any compute right now.
Because all the existing servers are in production.  and our hands and legs are getting tired slowly.
Yeah, can we get it from IT?
Things which actually, let's say, we can't scale, but if we have to experiment, the flow is working.
Can we get it from IT?
IT, the problem is we can get it, but it will not be fast.
Okay,
I'm okay with me I don't But I'm that we can solve separately now if we're meeting That one I'm just telling you because If something we are stuck in terms of not able to make it work at least you can get from it keep going No frequency low scale and then when we get some of them is to scale it so sir  Yeah,
this is actually, I mean, all the teams are getting impacted.
Maybe we can talk offline, but be able to buy the server and get things to end.
Yeah, I think we have to chat separately.
But to answer, call in, special call in.
For now, we will not create a, what you call, a polar or anything.
Okay.
Until we figure out the complete problem, we'll do on-demand pool.
So if the user says that I'm interested in this thing, we will, from that PR, we'll basically pull it through the MCP and show it to the user.
So for now, and we don't have to create a, I don't know, maybe we can create a, when we create a dashboard, we can make it a pull method at a low frequency.
And so that MCP is not,
taken down at the same time we have something so you can think that kind of a model one is on demand for a given PR or a low frequency so I have two things I can do and I and also we have to keep in mind like so anything we are doing with PR we cannot afford to increase the API calls a lot because there is a limit per hour right I have brought this before as well  So we have to keep that in mind.
Yeah, we'll make it very low frequency, like half an hour or something.
Yeah, not just for the compute.
Yeah, not just for the compute, even for the API call limit.
Otherwise, we'd start getting issues there.
All PRs will be impacted.
So this dashboard, so it will be part of the CACD app.
I had a chat with the current team who's maintaining.
They're going to deploy, they're working with Alpoma back end so that what is happening is we will deploy the app for you.
That way you have an end-to-end Jenkins pipeline set and you don't have to get bogged on with other...
Staging controller and production controller and the gym means pipeline.
So we are just setting it up That way you focus only on the actual business logic.
Okay, so that will be live maybe by Monday and then Then then you can be off.
Okay, you can be you can run after that.
Okay  One good question just at a tactical level.
So the ADS machines that are temporary, do those count towards the compute that you have or are those kind of free game in the interim?
They are not free.
They are still built, except that they have like four weeks window or something.
I see.
OK.
So you need to work with Mahavir to get the permanent DDS.
Okay.
So I can share what he shared with us.
It was just the same instructions we got actually, I believe, from maybe Devakar Srinivas in the beginning, that they're the instructions to set up the temp machine.
I can tell them that he can work with one of your engineers and then anybody in the college will just to get it at least one going and then he can duplicate that.
Yes, so now I'll connect with him later on today so I can get on top of that too.
I think it's been so long that I'll definitely take that action today.
And then, so for the, one final question for the temp ADS machines, is it a problem to put something, so not in the sense of interacting with Git, totally understand the limitations there and what we do and don't want to do from a traffic perspective,
but in terms of the dashboards and the WebEx chat.
Technically, I could spin up on the temporary EDS machines if they're just the relay bundle.
Technically, I could spin up something on there that would run that continuously in the background.
Probably not proper to do that, but if you wanted us to do that, we certainly could as a temporary interim just so you can see a live dashboard for it.
Completely up to you, though.
I don't want to do that without your approval.
Ideally, what I want to do is, in the CACD app, we can create a developer-oriented dashboard.
Developer, let's say, has three outstanding peers.
He's only interested in those three PRs, nothing else, beyond anybody.
He doesn't care about other PRs.
So if you know per user ID way to say whatever the PRs are available, and we create a small panel and show on our CTV app, then he can simply basically do some example.
Let's see, let me share something, I'll just show you.
Let's say let's say assume that this is a CACDR and you're normally a chat operation and whatnot.
So if you if you go to to let's say PR Insights, you know who logged in because here on the top corner, you know this expertise that I have logged in.
So you have the user.
I can only see my own related PR related information.
That way, you can just pull user information, throw him whatever the current state, whatever the cat is offering.
So that way, it's personalized and go from there.
The second aspect is, if the user is a manager, we have something called group concept.
You can open the docking sites, they should have access.
So they are just play with it, then that will tell, okay, if I'm a manager, I'll add all my engineers into that group.
Then when I click on the PR dashboard link, it will show all the, what do you call it, graphs or whatever is, what do you call it.
Whatever is required related to the PR thing, whatever you can show.
That way it is customized on a role basis and you don't have to have a central compute and you'll also solve the total problems automatically.
So it is never a CI-CD app to do whatever you want.
OK.
Straight forward.
We'll use a user session for the identity.
And then, yeah, this sounds good.
And there's a group concept.
We can tell you what is the group API.
And that group will tell, basically, you can pull the information from the Cisco directory.
Let's say, it's Anand, right?
Group.Anand, or something like that.
Then he can add that as a part of the group, and he'll know.
And all the people are telling him what's happening.
Anybody can configure their own group.  what they want, and they launch the app, they should be able to see the teams view.
So this is one, actually, it's, I think, let's go with this, because we already did it, and we don't have to reinvent it, or having a central server or anything like this.
Yeah, that sounds good.
That's perfect.
Okay.
And did you guys bring up the CAC we had, or no?
So CSCD app, the thing that we are doing right now is we're bringing it up on the temp ADS, because we don't have a permanent ADS.
So that's what we're doing for today.
So that one, then again, you need to work your thumb for marketing your bundle, I mean, real bundles and whatnot.
So there are some litigations out there, but you should solve the partner ADS, otherwise, it will get stuck.
Right, and I did request the bundle as the CN-SJC standalone that you had shared in the chat.
Yeah, yeah.
So I did request that on us.
Yeah, it will take like four to six hours or sometimes more, so.
Okay.
Yeah, so we'll get that and I want to get that running as soon as we can so that we can be all set for next Friday so we can be on top of the delivery rule.
Okay, so can we do one thing?
Didn't create one last time also.
I want one summary slide of one of the delivery rules for the next week.
I don't want a very huge document, just only one.
That way we know what are the tasks we are working on.
And what is the next item delivery that we are marching towards?
And then we can say, do we need to add one more item or not?
Because I know this view is very hard.
I can say, OK, what is the birthday view of the entire summary, right?
Catch what the team is working on.
OK, I'll get a simple view for Monday.
Yeah, just a simple, make it simple, just one slider.
And then we'll track where we are, what is the current status, and any new items that we are adding for the next week.
OK.
Would it be OK with you if we did?
Because we did this actually internally.
We can have that in GitHub.
They're just basically markdown files, mermaid charts if you need a graphic.
That way you can actually see.
We go over, we can see this.
You can use the issues listed in the CI CD itself.
You can add there also.
You can use GitHub itself.
That's how we do the other products.
OK, perfect.
Easy enough.
Less work for me too, honestly.
So that's great.
Okay, now for this top one though, at least here, just to say this part out loud, we do have a bunch of skills built that are currently on the CI2CD repository.
I'll put that in the dock so it's clear as to what has been delivered so far.
I believe, sorry if you might need to correct me if I'm wrong here, I think there's four skills in there as of right now.
There's one for Apache E-charts, there's one for WebEx bot creation.
There's one for the NXOS issue categorization, and then one more that's escaping it right now.
But those are now currently on the repository.
I think there was a question about if we are allowed to merge that, or put PR into the merge that domain, or if we should leave it on a separate branch.
We didn't know.
Another thing, right, we need to also start planning on the UDIT automation so that whatever work we are doing, we are not regressing, right?
Because we'll be adding more features, more fixes, and new changes should not happen at all on the previous whatever we are telling you about.
So start thinking on how we can protect ourselves.
Skills is, I know it's straightforward, but when we start bringing the changes to the app itself, we need to have some kind of a...  the infrastructure and two kinds of infrastructure and thinking.
One is the UI based automation like a playwright or anything like that.
Another one is the backend validation of all the pipeline plus the business logic of the application itself.
So if you can think of how to abstract it,  as I always say that this should be independent, reasonable pieces.
So try to see if you can make it abstract and modular, so that if required we can pick it up on other apps.
Yeah, for sure.
And the good news is we already have a lot of that done.
There's another project that's going on at Cisco.
I believe it's under Guhan Raman's team that has exactly that that we're building, so we can use.
It's literally the exact same use case.
Sure, yeah.
Just try to get that going as soon as possible, if you can.
And make it modular so that, as I said, your goal should be any, and in the CICD when you raise, make sure that you click the diatherers for every artifact that you create.
And if I pick the diatherers, it has to be standalone, meaning...
I should be able to plug and play other places.
That's the first goal, first meeting, and I'm trying to read it again.
So any customisation should be done separately, if there is any, like I can you to build as an adaptor model.
For example, if I want to play right automation, the model itself should be self-sufficient of its own.
But if any adaptation needed for that app, it should be able to do so that I can take this playwright UI automation and plug it in any other app.
And we'll tell that the images so it's adaptation layer, it should work.
Right.
We can absolutely do that.
That's what we do already internal.
We can do that for you.
OK, I'm just saying.
Same thing on the back end also.
So that's a new item getting added.
So that's why I need one border view.  items while we are walking, the Lord and while we are riding, that will be much easier.
Yes, yes, I can do that.
I'll actually, why don't I do this?
Even after this meeting, I'll get that prepped for you today itself.
I'll get that sent over so you at least have it today, and then we'll continuously update that.
We'll keep it simple, we'll keep it straightforward, so it's not this big wall of text I'll add to your review.
So on the MCP part, by the way, we are going to launch something called MCP viewer app on the deep side.
So that way you will have a better way of testing any external MCP on the deep side platform itself.
So before you integrate into the app, so anybody who says they have this MCP, you can just bring onto the MCP viewer app and then test it out.
It's like a playground.
And once you know it's all working good, you just take that app and CP and put it in your application backup.
So that will be up and running soon.
But yeah, I just want to let you know that.
This cat and CP, for example, if you're spending time within the code with the API call and whatnot, if there is a way for you to quickly test and see if it's looking good, or if you want to do more visualization, what's happening, you can use that app.
That's great.
That's great.
All right.
What is the next?
So next, a quick pivot to Buildbox.
So I know, I think in the media, I have a lot of progress with Justin this week, understanding what's possible, what's already existing.
The first is that I think that there are some dependency graphs that are built into Bazel as commands, or these last commands.
So that one, I believe, I'm not mistaken, those are kind of out of the box features from Bazel that we can see their dependency graph already.
The same exists in GitHub.
So we have some ways to do this even in GitHub to see what the dependency mapping is for PRs and commits.
So that's something to look forward to next week.
We should be able to show that in a visual way as well.
The big thing was seeing what already exists and what is pending.
So the call graph, I think, is partially done.
There's been some work there.
It's all good things.
It just needs to be expanded a little bit bigger.  and build into a process.
So we have, I think, at this point, a good understanding with Justin on what already exists, and we know where to build next.
We'll do all this.
I think the decision I want to say was get these call graph pieces, dependency graph pieces, completely moving both for the build as well as for the PR and commits.
And then longer term, we can think about a graph type theme.
So that is in progress.
Good things being done there.
Justin has been great with the team to help us out whatever we need.
That's from the core point.
You got it?
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, that was also for the same...
So ideally, both can leverage eventually, so...
Yeah, because we have done some disk-based also, right?
Yeah, they are also doing a disk-based, yeah, I understand.
We need, I need to, I mean I want to, Justin is not part of the other discussion, right?
Devakar is here.
Devakar is, yes.
Okay, maybe we should add Justin up to the other comments.
Yeah, yeah, I will, I will.
Okay, maybe they can, I mean, they can go together depending on how we design, design the space.
I need to think.
So, no.
I'll talk to Justin maybe.
I'll tell you what's happening.
It's not much duplicate, but I want to make sure that there isn't really...
I didn't get you not deep, but that's how it's simple.
So the next one there is a bot that is being pending deploy.
So we're actually going to be able to show you off a WebEx bot next week.
So that's something exciting.
We finally got everything cleared.
We put in the request for IT to approve.
So we had to get that approved for the new WebEx bot.
That one, we just need to get it on the ADS and we're in good shape.
But even with the temp ADS, we'll be able to have this all deployed.
It just needs, I believe, a Podman container to start, which is why that's not all.
But we've been able to test these locally to let it be something we can at least show.
So one question on the board, right, of the LLM requirement, I was thinking we'll have some LLM department, right?
That's right.
If you had to summarize anything.
And I know you don't have access to the user brokers.
Right.
Right.
How did you just put your credential and test it right now?
So I got like a circuit API token and I used that.
That is just temporary.
That's why I'm asking.
So we need to bring you guys on the deep side plans.
We'll get you guys that piece.
First I want to see what you have, then we'll see how we bring it on board.
In this piece on the side.
Sounds good.
There is a model dependence.
So we have some problem is we have a secret key.
The secret key does not have a...  key rotation build.
And it's a static key and if I give it, that's the one.
I don't know.
Do you guys have experience on any of the security mods?
Any chance?
Yes, yes.
And two ways to do it.
One probably is the best fit for you if I had to guess.
One really the easiest possible way to do this.
It doesn't have  rotation without something else attached to it, or just to do it in GitHub, so that you can provide one place for people to access.
No, not really.
I don't know anyone to see the key, except for only the super user's app, which will have the right key.
And the idea is that the deep side, because time to market, right?
Right.
But now more apps makes like this.
You need to create an auth, meaning you temporarily release a key and you get something and you use that to do the current job.
And say that will die for one hour.
And after that, if it expires, you do the math.
So that kind of rotation we have not done yet.
So we have a problem.
That problem is there.
So first, I'll look at the keys.
There is a way to do it in GitHub without letting anyone see the value of that key.
They just get the idea of the key and they still have to be authenticated in GitHub to actually use it.
The way that we do it, which might be too heavy for you, but it's very good to do from an organization standpoint, we actually use Azure Key Vault for everything.
I don't know if that's an option for you.
At the same time, if you wanted a custom solution, we can talk about that as well.
So it certainly comes up all the time here.
Maybe I could get some people to be a friend.
No, I don't want to open it.
That has dollar amount and so many other things.
Let me see if there is a...
The problem is, it's not about saving the key, except about the keys.
Meaning, once you get access to the key, you can do many things.
I want to remove that power from the user.
I see, you said expiring the keys.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
So that expiration is not there, number one.
And there's no audit trail to say which application requested for that.
And then what he did with it.
So that audit trail is not there.
Because he said it was, yeah, we wanted to do it, but never did it.
Are you familiar with this free and open source?
It's really nice.
It's called Open Web UI.
Have you ever seen that?
Yes, so that I don't know the way they always in our internal secret of course, of course, of course, so they have an approach to that that we could just replicate.
So can you guess?
Yeah, well, what is that we can do?
But I mean, what hasn't that there is a way clients request for a temporary key apps in this case.
Like a lot of people, and they'll give, and there'll be an inspiring default.
And after it's done, they have to re-ask again.
Okay.
So that is not common.
And we have a controller who gets access on both computers.
Right.
Right.
So you can grant your vote.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We can revoke the licenses or revoke the access and so the other thing.
That is super resource.
But this is like somewhere else.
Yeah, that's good.
Not urgent, but something to add to your list.
It's not really urgent.
We can unlock ourselves with whatever we have.
But there's one problem and it's all wrong.
Okay.
Yeah, happy to do it.
Okay.
So, I think these are the big items.
I'll go through the access settings really quickly because we've talked about pretty much all of them.
One is the EDS.
So, we'll get that resolved today with my appeal.
I think there's one for the NX repo access.
This one on my end is resolved.
I have access to the MCP, but it's to test out the MCP.
I think it requires some commit approval tracking access on the NX repo.
We don't have any kind of...
There is some group there.
I can add them.
I can add them as lead only users.
Give me the user ID, all the user ID's that need to be added.
I'll add them.
Sure.
I'll send it after the speed.
Sure.
Thank you.
We have this.
This one is resolved at this point.
We have the CICI repository.
We have one point of clarification.
There's two different locations that you gave.
One was the, it started with a K, if I'm not mistaken here.
There's two, let me pull it up, let me just click our chat.
This would be, this is SME-KB repo.
Okay, got it.
Okay.
The other one is just the generic.
So this one, all the skills, right?
Whatever you're committing.
Technically, what we did is we have an XPR.
We'll maybe next week or something, we may announce it, but yeah, you can, for now you can, we'll re, we rework on the skills part.
So, but ideally we want all the skills to be part of this repo.
Makes sense.
And then the app will pull it from here.
So we are creating an MCP fault of this repo itself.
And that piece is not ready.
So, but we can refactor the code later on.
So, you guys have to do whatever you have.
Are you the admin for codecs?
By chance.
No, I'm not going to do it.
Your manager is up there.
So you have to...
Yes, doctor will tell you this.
So one thing, I don't know if you already have it set up, that you can do is all these skills can be auto-discovered in codecs.
So it's just one connection that you make.
It's just a config.json file.
So anyone that's already authenticated is part of this.
There can be a linkage between GitHub.
So every time a new skill gets uploaded here, it automatically becomes available in anyone's VS Code instance.  that they subscribe to them.
So that's a very easy way to distribute if you want to do it that way, but just wanted to offer it up.
That's what we do as well in terms, because we have so many at this point that it's kind of tough to manage per project.
Having them central is good, but then people don't really know whenever something new gets added.
That gives it a chance.
Yes, it does.
So for instance, whenever, let's say, I open up a new codecs instance in VS Code.
There's two things that can happen.
If you set up a config.json file, you have to be an admin in codecs to do this.
And all that has is it has what's called as a marketplace, which is literally just the GitHub page.
That's it.
If you're not an admin?
So if you're not an admin, you can't set this up.
But it's only a one-time setup for the admin themselves.
None of us are, our IT guys are group.
And this is not done at the group level, it's not done at the entire system level.
So what we are trying to do is, once you do the products, we have a wrapper which doesn't init.
And once you do the init,
init will actually go and pull the skills from this and install as a part of the individual's thing.  okay so that's the even better we are trying to do even better you don't have information okay no no no that's just as good so yeah but the invention that's what the user will do they will do a deep site agent in it there's something called ds agent and when does the in it it will largely pull the skills and installs in there okay i mean in their part is  The very last thing here was just I just wanted to get from you because I know I wasn't there on Wednesday.
I just want to make sure that we have everything that you're expecting ready for you by Friday.
So I just wanted to confirm what exactly that was.
So if that's the deployed WebEx bot, if that's just getting deep site online and getting something like the CICB app deployed to it, I just wanted to confirm from you what was your expectation by the end of the week next week for that item.
For the deep side, so first thing is we need to create a fat out of it given day.
The answers are already done in that way.
So we need to first create a static fat least because not everything is dynamic.
Dynamic part is in the cat recipe.
Static part is there are some environmental issues and whatnot that is already there in the answers by the user.
So we need to basically  create a static for the static question answers and then for the dynamic part is part of the cat himself right yes so assuming that your radius issues are resolved assuming this thing you should be able to bring up the CACD app on your idea server  plug in the CAT MCP and these questions behind it so that the user asks a question in the chat box that I was showing you here that you should be able to get an answer for either dynamic or static,
both.
That is one part of it.
The second part of it is...
The bot itself, we need to work together and create a deep side bot that can be part of the NXEI pipeline.
The same information we should be able to, the user should be able to ask in the NXEI.
So that would be, the backend is common in the app.
So if you can design the backend as an SAP,  then technically we can plug in the UI and plug in as a part of the comp itself.
That way no work is related and we will just attach the LLM either through circuit for knowing how it but once we bring in deep secret you get the deep circuit credentials.
You can use user credentials at that time and then basically get an answer.
Okay, easy enough.
Yeah, we had to look towards, maybe in the middle of the week, how to get that on the upper term.
As I said, there are some...
Yeah, if I give Kia, you need to...
Yeah, I will, we'll find out a bit.
I'll have to think through how to get this key out of the stairs.
Now, I'll give you an answer back on that quick.
I know you said longer term, but at the same time, I know it's something that...
It hurts often.
Many times someone asks me the super key I get.
I was guarding with my heart right now.
If you want to know...
I've shared only two people I think so far.
Only one guy and three people actually after all the 34 degrees working.
So it's very hard.
If you want a quick, funny Friday story, it'll take 30 seconds, I promise.
My prior organization, doing aerospace and defense things and really classified work, we had something for the A&E servers that was exactly this.
It was like the global admin key for OpenAI.
And it was on the government restricted server.
After I left the company, they had given me that key.
After I left the company, they never expired the key.  for this exact case.
I actually ended up saying something to the guy because I didn't want to get in trouble on my side.
But I was like you realize I could just you know, you know way too early for open claw back then but I was like, oh man I could have really racked up your bill if I wanted to because no one's looking for it.
Yeah, it's possible, yeah.
That's the thing right now.
How do we protect this?
Oh, oh, okay.
Oh, that's what I can say.
We'll find out.
Yeah, we'll find out.
But I want to get it unblocked, but still we'll find some solution.
Yes, absolutely.
Okay.
All right.
I mean, you guys know what to do.
And the build part, I'm assuming, will make some progress on that.
Just think we need to check,
make sure there is no duplication.  and then and also have some way to some kind of a design in place if possible on the like a like how do we clearly backward appear like a PR dependencies in the good failure or anything else so the PR graphing we need to do as I said then we talked about this problem last time let's say I have 10 PRs in the build  one of the PR field,
user tried to commit with another PR, the PR logon.
But that caused some other issue.
And the now release lead says, damn, so I can't wait.
Let me pull PR 10.
But the problem is PR 10 depends on PR logon, because he fixed on top of that.
So we need to identify this dependency.  of the PR and say that if some, first we need to say which PR caused the issue, number one.
But once I figured out, okay, I want to back out this PR, that the user should also know the dependencies.
That it's not just one PR, it has three PRs.
Are you okay, kind of thing?
So that knowledge graph we need to break.
PR, dependency graph.
Okay, you can branch out with Justine.
Maybe once you have something, I can, you can talk again.
Next week.
Yeah, for sure.
For sure.
Load it.
All right.
And if you guys have bandwidth, let me know.
On top of all this stuff.
But first, you get simultaneous with it.
Otherwise, I can't do any work for you guys.
Yeah.
We'll get that unblocked as soon as we can.
Now, can I do Mahavir?
Like I said, we'll make sure we get this result.
I know this has been pending, so we'll take action.
Don't worry.
OK.
All right.
Anything else from my side?
I think that's everything for us today.
So I've got my actions, I took my notes throughout.
So yeah, we're all good on it.
I don't have to wait for the meeting.
We can use the address space as a way to unblock each other.
Yes, of course.
Thank you, Chris.
Thanks.
Have a good weekend.
Yeah, you put it in the web space while you're waiting.
Yes, I will do that now.
Sure.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Anboma, please work with Shyam on the post poll thing on the deep side.
Yes, several access issues, right?
On our other page.
On the deep side.
Anboma, you're on mute.
Anboma?
She asked.
Thank you.
Have a good week.
