Good afternoon.
Hey, good afternoon to you.
How's everything?
Yes, I'm good.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
I'm good.
I'm stressed about some things, but it's the end of the week, so at least the weekend's ahead and we can relax a little bit.
But no, I know it's been a fairly silent week for me, so apologies then.
But I definitely wanted to get on, so thanks for putting the time on the calendar for it.
That really helps sometimes.
Because otherwise, I'd be able to break from the meetings to do that myself.
True, true.
No worries.
Hope of everything is already at your end.
You mentioned something about family, I hope.
Everything did.
Yes, everything.
Everything will be fine.
Cool.
Nice.  so mainly calling I wanted to ask you about the github thing so is it okay if I start using right now the github because once you told me not to access it I have not been accessing anything github related but but given our call with Anand today he mentioned that it should be alright if we you know just use it so I wanted to know more about it yes yes so I think my answer is yes with one condition  So I had to,
I realized something, and this was actually not, so I don't want to understate, but I don't want to make you feel like this is coming from you either, because I realized very quickly, because I was looking at this and I was like,
how did I let that slip?
Because I, I'll put it this way, my philosophy has always been, if someone ever  is in some trouble or something happens that shouldn't have happened, the person that should be accountable to that is their boss.
I've always been like that.
I'll tell you a funny story along the signals.
Two of them.
There was something that happened with me when I was an intern.
A very long time ago, I think I was probably a sophomore year of college.  first drill job.
And they had me working on industrial automation, a really cool project, because I didn't know anything.
I was just, I knew code, I knew a little bit about electronics, and this was totally new.
And I had a really good guy that was teaching me things, and I got a little bit overzealous with it.
And so what happened was, there were these little screens, they were about seven inch diagonal touch screens that had a raspberry pie in them.
And they would go onto  these big $500,000 piece machines and you can think of those machines as giant CNC lathes even though they were something much more complex than that but for all purposes they were things that were used for fabrication and I did this demo for them because I figured out a way to make the Raspberry Pi connect with that machine and automate some parts of that machine and it was you know  It was really cool back then and everyone was so excited about it.
And I was riding on the high.
I was like, wow, I'm really good right now.
I'm good.
And so I did the demo for people.
And I said, look, I can start a program.
I can stop a program.
I can lock the door of the machine.
I can turn on the light.
I can do all this stuff.
And everyone's like, amazing, amazing, amazing.
So much time.
And then in the demo, I was like, look, I can even do it from my phone.
I can do it from my house if I wanted to.
And I wasn't even really thinking about it.
And they were like, the room went silent.
And I was like, what happened?
And there's about two VP-level people in there.
And this is rural Pennsylvania.
So let's put it this way.
Everyone's a lot colder out here.
And it's not the climate.
But one VP got up and told me to close up my laptop and said, you know, go back to your desk.
And I said, what did I do?
What did I do?
And I was like, he was like, yeah, meeting's over.
We'll talk about this.
And I was like, OK.
My boss came and told me to go.
And I was like, I seriously have no idea what I did.
Like, what's wrong here?
And then one day, one of the guys came up to me.
He said, OK, come back into the office.
It's OK.
We've decided to keep you here.
And I was like, I still don't even know what I did.
Man, like, what's the problem?
He was like, you understand that these are, you know, like government controlled facilities, right?
And you had it on your personal cell phone.
You were able to remote control equipment from your home on your personal cell phone.
And he was, and I didn't, I didn't even realize, I was like, I was, I just thought it was cool.
You know, like I just, I didn't mean anything at all.  and he was just like, you know, but you can take this as your thing and I was like, okay, all right.
And then the next guy, next time this happened was much later in my career.
And it was the first time I ever deployed something for real on Azure.
Very first time.
So my training was wrong.
And what happened there was we had deployed a chatbot for the whole company for the very first time.  and IT didn't want to give me a URL.
It wouldn't add my application to the list because they just were really kind of irritated that they hadn't done it first and I was like, okay.
And so I went and I made, at the time, I made like, it would be like you making a website called Bay1AI.com.
So I went out, I bought a web domain with my boss's permission at the time.
I put up a whole parallel Azure service connected to that, signed into it, got everything spun up, and I gave it to some people, and I said, hey, there's a chat pod, just give it a run.
I've worked on this for the last nine months straight, give it a run.
And I get a call the next day from the actual CIO.  at this company, and this is like a billion-dollar company, so that's not a small thing at the CIO culture.
I was like, oh, maybe he really liked it.
He did not really like it.
And so he did this whole thing.
He didn't jump in, but he did this whole thing.
He was like, you had company people put stuff on there.
What if it would lead to what if this and that?
And the point there was it was a second time, and I kind of knew that by that point, and I knew a little bit better.
It wasn't like I was an intern at all, anyway.
And, you know, the outcome of that, my boss eventually stepped in and said, you know, hey, obviously this was done the right reason, and, you know, it's okay.
But, you know, you have to realize that these are ones that you don't get two of these.
You get one of these.
And he's like, oh, I thought I already had my one.
You know what I was earlier in my career.
So.
My point about this is two things.
Number one, everyone makes mistakes.
Even Anand, the first thing he said to me was, you know, people internal have things happen like that.
You know, it's just IT being IT.
This happens.
To anyone at any level, for any reason, it happens.
But the second part of that still has to be true.
It has to happen once.
And I think you know by this point what goes there and what can't happen again.
And I know, of course, that intentions were right and I don't mean to make you feel bad about that in any way.
That's not my intention ever.
But for me, the gap is also in me because I shouldn't have let you have the chance to have that happen.
You know, that's the problem on my side.
I should have protected you in that way by having something there and communicating it better.
And I didn't do that.
That's my failure here, because I should have.
And I'm not saying, like, oh, I should have been very restrictive, but I should have done a better job to explain.
So it's on me just as much.
And, you know, so like I said, I've got a plan around this, and I want you to know it's not.
You know a bad thing.
It's not just for you, but I'll show you what I'm talking about here in a minute That can keep everything Because I mean I'll put it this way.
This was our first project at Cisco.
It will not be the last project You will not be the last person on the team.
There will be many more people that come later and It's bound to happen again.
So my job is to make sure that it can't So what I'm gonna do  is for everyone, not for you, but for everyone.
I put together, finally, a policy for client data handling.
I'm like, okay, this is what was missing this whole time.
It's one thing if I say it on a Teams meeting, it's another thing if we verbally agree or we go have some sessions.
It's a different thing if it's a policy.
A policy I can at least say,  and this is communicated, this is always able to be referenced, this is able to, you know, people are able to ask questions and understand this, and it should happen.
So I'm putting, I put together a policy on this, and again, I want you to understand this is not a policy that is just you, this is going to be mandatory for everyone for solutions going forward, because this was a gap, and this is why,
why this is about to happen, because if this, would have been different if, you know, I would have had this first, then you would have already known beforehand.
Yes, he has called me to follow the policy.
So, I'm going to share that with everyone in a few moments, and that for everyone, not just for you, but even for Srikar, for Saurav, for Vaishali, for Tanuja, and technically for me.
I'm not immune to the policy either.
That is going to be the condition on which we are allowed to continue.
This is cool So, you know, that's that's my very long-winded answer to your original question What to do now because of the get-up thing As of right now the answer is yes, we can continue with the caveat that that policy has to be signed in place first Okay So I can do that  Yes, you can.
It's worth the read because it covers just about everything and there's even things that I realize that we're missing in here.
So from my aspect, I'll put it this way, I'm not glad that that happened.
I'm glad that that happened with little impact.
But I need you to kind of internalize the importance because if we lose contracts like this, that affects so many people.
And I know, of course, that was not the intention.
But it's the same thing.
It's just great power comes great responsibility.
And everyone on this project is extremely visible.
And the moment we say AI, we have a giant target on our back with IT because they feel very threatened by us.
So that's why we have to be very careful.
We can be the best of the best there.
Two coachings that I can have for you, number one, is if you're ever not sure, just ask.
Always do that.
And the second is that even if I'm not available, ask someone else to some extent with a big, big, shiny asterisk on it.
You can ask one of the chatbots.
I'm not saying that dismissively or as a joke, but of course, use your best judgment.
But for the most part,  It works.
Sometimes it's like, you know, the programmer thing, now people talking to their pet about, you know, problems they're having in code.
Sometimes just saying it out loud, you know, should I do this works.
And I think in that end, it's helpful to do that because it'll give you advice or at least to be a stopgap in the middle to help you.
And especially if you have the policy, you always look at that and say, what's the right thing to do in this scenario?
No, no, I was just saying that I will follow these steps.
And just so you know, it wasn't just a you thing, because I then had to go and look at everything else, and here I find other people who are doing things they shouldn't either.
And so don't feel like it's just, it was just a thing with you.
It was just that the IT found this from you, and then whenever I looked at it from other people in the team's perspective, I found things too.
And I was like, oh my god.
We would have had a really bad problem had that come up too.
So that's why this isn't something for everyone going forward because that way it just makes it clear.
And also calling this is my first job like in this world kind of world.
Like all these years have always been the full-time employee.
So never came across these scenarios.
So it's kind of alarming for me as well for lifetime and definitely  I'll be super super careful from next time and it's a lesson on like nothing goes out of this laptop anywhere Anyhow Which Cisco doesn't agree or any client doesn't agree Or rather any company before we run for that matter And that's why I told you my kind of funny stories.
I want you to know if this isn't  Like a personal thing, this isn't anything that doesn't happen, it happens to everyone.
I don't put it this way, you didn't get a call from a chief information officer.
So I think you did a little bit better than me whenever I had my hiccups.
You didn't get the guy who's the charge of that thing of the company coming after you chasing you down.
So it's okay.
This way.
I had to be quiet because I had to spend more time than I wanted to with their team, you know, their incident response team and Anand and everyone else on this.
So that's why I got all my time taken that I've loved to have spent with you and Zugar.
No, I didn't say that on purpose in the call.
I didn't want to say that, but I want you to know that's why I had to be a little bit, you know, out of pocket this week because that's what took my time.
You know, it's okay, it's over, it's done, I was able to resolve.
So, did you, sorry Colm, like I didn't get it, did you hear back from IT or Anand?
Or anyone from Cisco?
Yes.
Oh, did you hear back?
In a kind of way.
So, I heard back from their IT in the sense that I flagged it with an Anand.
The right thing to do in these scenarios is exactly what I did, which is just tell the guy.
And just say, hey, I'm aware of this.
I want you to make aware of this.
No surprises or anything like this.
And so I did that with him on Monday.
And I said, look, you're probably going to hear from IT CyberSec, whatever it is.
And he said, OK, explain everything to me.
So I did.
And framing is critically important.
That's one thing that, like you said, if this is the first time in this space,  It's different whenever you're at a full-time company because they're going to defend you.
But you have to think about how many contractors and even how many just vendors Cisco has.
Just this team alone, I'm aware of 243 vendors.
Not workers that are contingent, but like vendors.
So like other companies like they want.
With IT, all they do is the same...  thing with the laptops where there was some delay.
They're basically grumpy old men that are like, yeah, yeah, yeah, these guys, they're not Cisco people.
So from that angle, they're not going to be in your corner.
They're not going to try to go with your best interests at heart.
Even if you say, I meant well and did this, they're not friends if they're at a client space.
That's something that can only come with time now.
And that's not, like whenever I said, you know, with the IT guy, you know, it's different.
It's almost like you have to treat it like it's almost like a court case.
You have to be very careful about what you say and how you say it.
And the framing that I had given to Anand for it was I said, yeah, just so you know, I think the problem that IT had was that, you know, this code was around, you know, WebEx scraping and they probably looked at it and saw that we were, you know,
a contractor and...  or a client and a vendor, and they probably thought that we were trying to do something inappropriate, but you know better than anyone I know that this is a fundamental part of this project to do that, that we were assigned.
And that was the framing that pulled this out.
And you can see even in that chat transcript with Matt, remember that one part?
It just sticks out in my brain.
I don't even have it in front of me.
But he was like, you know, are you confirming that four Python files were 20 gigabytes of data?
That part of the message.
And, you know, for him, that's adversarial framing.
You know, he's trying to get you to say it like a bad way.
He's almost like he's like a police officer or a lawyer in that case.
So that's why, you know, anytime those things come.
Until you feel, you know, completely bulletproof, just come to me, come to anyone like me, come to R2, Rahul Bhogali, and just ask because we know how to phrase that in the way that you could never get in trouble.
Yeah, that's also one of the lessons.
I shouldn't have replied, maybe.
I'll get back to you one day after our discussion.
I thought if I just reply then he would not feel that I did it on purpose, like this is the true intention, but I get it.
Yes, and that's a completely reasonable thought.
So the trick is though, just keep that in your mind that whatever you say to them, it's like you're on a TV show, whatever you say, K&M will be held against you.
It's the same thing when you're talking to those types of people.
And that's not just for IT, by the way.
That's also for customers.
There was a customer once where there was someone I was with in a meeting.
He was on the sales team.
And they asked how long a project would take us.
And I didn't say a word, because I didn't even have a chance to.
It was like nothing.
The sales guy got up, and he said three weeks.
And I didn't even think anything of it.
I was like, no one's going to think that.
And then they came back, and they were like, you promised three weeks.
And I was like, no, we didn't.
And he's like, look, I have an email from a sales guy saying that this would take you three weeks.
And I was like, unfortunately, that was somehow without my authorization.
We do apologize.
And he was like, no, no, no, you said three weeks.
I haven't done three weeks.
And we're going to have to close this contract then.
So just know that anything, the solution space, anything at all, those interactions, you just have to be very, very careful.
And it'll come with time.
It cannot come without time.
So, there's not like a magic switch that happens except for time.
For knowing how to say, when to say, when to not say.
So, even today with Srinivas, I had to do that with Mahavir.
With Mahavir, Srinivas likes to pitch everything off to him.
I mean, that's not right.
I can't say that Mahavir is not even the right guy.
He's in procurement.
He's listed as a manager, but that's because Srinivas doesn't feel like being a manager.
So, Mahavir's not the right guy to go to for this.
That's why he's being difficult.
I know that, but I can't say to Srinivas, well, the reason why we're struggling to get ADS access is because you're a lazy manager.
And that's the truth.
That's why it's been pending for so long.
There's nothing else that is an explanation for it.
And that's why you could see, even whenever Anand was there, and I framed it to him, he got a little bit uncomfortable.
And I was like, no, I mean, it's not.
It shouldn't take five people reaching out to Mahavir to make something happen.
Srinivas knew about this, and it's even, you could tell him the call, it's even no problem for Srinivas' team.
So, with that in mind.
You know, it's not an actual deal.
So, anyway, moral of the story.
Everything is fine.
I will send out the policy today.
The only thing that's gating is just have that filled out and sent back before you continue and then you are free to go.
Yeah, sure, sure.
I'm calling just one question like if I understand correctly, so we are behind all this, right?
Or are we expecting the IT queries to come again and have some clarification from me or from you or anyone at Cisco?
I think at this point I've minimized it enough with Anand.
And that's what I mean.
I'm not trying to pat myself on the back here, but that's a very measured response from me.
I chose very specifically what to say, what not to say, to the point where I think Anand is like, yeah, there's not really a problem here.
It's just IT being IT, grumpy old man.
I am not expecting anything.
However, if something were to, simply let me know first.
And the biggest thing is you can keep doing what you need to do.
The one thing that I'm going to put in place for both Visalia and Tunisian, and I know I owe them both back a lot of messages and meetings and things, is they're going to get their laptops by next Friday.
At that point, only am I going to assign them work for Cisco.
Until that point, they can be in observer mode.
They can talk, they can listen, but I'm not going to allow them to do any further work until they have their Cisco laptop in hand.
So that would make things okay, because you know better than anyone how long it takes to get these accesses resolved with Cisco.
So it's going to be some lead time for them, but at least one protection that we can have that will make things okay, even if they would want to take a second peek, and I can promise you they will at some point.
We will just say, look, we're going to wait until they have their hardware.
And what we have to do, I can only describe this theatrics a little bit.
This will put on a performance.
And say, we've learned so much from this, a wise and powerful Cisco IT.
We've learned so much for this.
And this has impacted us so much that what we are going to do is we are going to be so careful.
And you know what I mean?
So it's kind of performative in a way.
Even though it's true, I'm not saying it's not true, but putting on a show and saying like, look, we could, you know, get by Shiley and Tymoujin on this today.
They have WebEx accounts at this point with Cisco IDs.
I'm going to specifically not do that to our own disadvantage just for performance, so that they can say that there was something that they wanted about this.
And that's my much better version of the other thing that...  they want to do about this, which would be to take you out of the project.
So they never ask for that.
I'm not going to offer that.
But that's some theatrics that some managers do.
I'm not like that.
I know that you meant well with this, of course.
You know, it'd be different if you were like setting your tier personally.
You know, that'd be way different.
But, you know, this one I completely understand.
So I specifically did not go in that direction for this.
Thank you so much, Colin, for this.
It's been a tough week, I would say, for even for me and thank you for all your support and understanding and all your guidance right now as well in this call.
One more thing I need for me.
I know today, you could tell, I was irritated.
And I want to, I'm going to call Streetcar as well.
I just need to explain why.
And I don't think it's a bad thing.
I think that it's, on your side it's a little bit different.
Streetcar, I need to talk to him about it personally.
On your side it's a little bit different because probably you were in this limbo where you're like, you know, what can I do this week?
What am I allowed to do this week?
Like I had few stock to do like for example with workspace I had to clone and I had some git commands which we can run for this which I got lot of information but even that I couldn't tell you in the call because I didn't wanted to drag the topic and say okay I'm not supposed to access GitHub that's why I don't know the next steps so that is also one of the topic I want to talk about so once I get the GitHub access once I sign the policy  I have some things in place which I want to look into and I'll work towards it.
And my intention was nowhere in the week not to do any work or of those, whatever I had.
With the alias machine access I had, I tried to grab more information even using codecs.
I tried to get the Cisco information regarding all this dependency graph and knowledge graph and call graph and so on.
No, and I know that.
And that's where I have to figure out what's your card.
And I know it's a little bit different.
And I'll put it this way.
I think for you, there's some buffer here because I know that ambiguity would have been a little bit much.
But for him, I need to get him on the right path.
And that's probably where I need to ask you to help.
Because you have to understand one very important thing here.
And this is me telling you, you know, I want you to step up and be a leader for him.
Because for him, you didn't have an IT incident this week.
And he did struggle to make progress this week.
So you had a reason, right?
For him, he didn't have as much of a reason.
That's something where, you know, for me, and that's why you can tell even that message I sent WebEx, I got this MCP up in five minutes.
I just pasted it into codecs and hit go.
That's where I can sense it from him.
It's not a work ethic problem at all.
It is simply how he can be autonomous whenever there's an ambiguous path ahead.
So, you know, his problem is by no means, you know, working hard.
I know he works hard.
I think his problem is that whenever he's not sure what to do, or he gets stuck, or he's unsure, he stalls.
Now, you are the opposite, and that's why I want you to help him.
And I want you to be kind of a leader for him, and keep him on that path.
He's more than capable, and I don't think this is going to be a long-term thing.
I think it's just, I probably freaked him out today a little bit, I'm sure.
But I got everyone on this team for a reason.
And it wasn't by mistake.
It wasn't because I had to.
It wasn't because I didn't have options.
I chose for a reason.
And I stand by those choices.
And for him, I think he just needs to get some wins under his belt so he can have that confidence to push forward.
And I think that's the whole thing that I need to see from him is just, you know, use things to your best advantage.
Empower yourself in the way that you can do this, you know, to the greatest extent possible.
I'll say even on Monday, it was either Friday or Monday, whichever one makes sense, it was like a three-hour meeting I had with him to explain.
And then I came back the next day, and no progress there.
And he was saying, oh, I was exploring Codex.
And I was like, man, you can't explore Codex.
Ask Codex a question.
I can't answer.  where we're not in this academic study AI type of project, where the expectation is to come into this as an expert and to be an expert.
And I know he can.
I know that.
I wouldn't have gotten him if I had any lack of confidence that he could push forward like that.
But I think he does need someone to keep him accountable and to help him if he gets stuck, to kind of think around outside the box on what he should do.
That's a place where you can really help them out.
Very last thing I want to show you because I understand that I'll say it in this way.
When we're talking about the GitHub thing, I want to help you in one very specific way here.
And I'm just going to do this very quickly with you.  because I want to show you the better way to do research.
Okay.
Okay.
And I know you can do research.
I'm not saying that.
And I know what I'm going to show you.
You're going to probably say, oh, this is basic, Colin.
I know this.
I know this, but I'm going to show you differently.
Yeah, I appreciate that you can show me your thoughts.
So the trick here is, let's talk, this is going to be specifically in relation to GitHub dependency graph.
Because I will tell you right now I know for a fact that what they are doing is completely wrong In every sense of the and every sense of the term I mean to the point where I'm actually having that call with a non later on today Because I'm like I'm questioning the technical leadership on this project Because they just keep on walking in circles and you know even today you heard it and promise a duplication of effort  And I'm like,
no, that's not the application of effort.
If you've done it wrong, and we're doing it a better way, and no way shape or form is the application of effort, and I'm not going to constrain this team to do something improperly if I know a better way.
My job's to be a technical leader.
It's not to be a follower.
So if they want that, they can hire a different company.
But that's where our value comes in.
And that's how we even got this project in the first place.
It was me and Srinivas, and I had to  basically go to war with him.
We got into a like a yelling match in a conference room.
And at the end he just started laughing and smiling and he was like, yeah, we're going forward with you guys.
And I was like, why?
We just wanted to rip each other's heads off across to the table.
And he said, you know, you're the only person that's done that to me and for the vendors.
The other vendors just say every idea I have is a great idea.
And I was like, okay, I thought I was walking out of this with, you know.
My because you have to understand that Rahul like our president was in that room, too And he was giving me death glares.
He was like, what are you doing, man?
You're in front of a client I think that some kind of called him a moron He was like you cannot do that he was like you talked to me like you're an engineer I like that I was like, okay.
All right.
I did not think that's where we're going today but  Anyway, so here's my problem.
We don't have to constrain ourselves to things that are technically incorrect.
But if we're not sure, the best way we can do is research.
And when we say research, structured research that has a path.
So we all know that there's this button, this is research here under the cloud code.
I advise you to not use it.
What we should do instead is we're doing this.
You don't have to give background context on the company, on Cisco, on the project, or anything like this.
But you can simply say it like this.
And I'm just going to type for a moment.
So is this, can you read this on the screen?
I know it's a little bit small.
Yeah.
This is, I can read it probably right now.
I'm holding something to create.
Now, here's where things go wrong.
You can,  You could look at the outcome first, or you could look at the path to get to the outcome.
The question is always which one is more valuable.
And the trick is that unless you know exactly what your outcome is going to look like, you should never specify the outcome.
You should specify the attributes of the outcome.
But for instance,  If I go here, even if I, you know, wrote some more sentences to be more specific about what that dependency map took shape, I don't actually know what I want yet.
I know the general goal that I have, but I also don't quite know how I want to get there yet.
And so that's what I mean with research.
So think of it this way.
If you go online and you try to prove yourself right, you will prove yourself right.
If you want to find an article that says chocolate causes cancer, you're going to find it.
And the same thing goes with research.
If you go in and you prescribe a solution before you know the path to that solution, you will find what you're looking for.
But will it be correct?
That's a different story.
So what's this?
I'm not going to say I want the dependency map to track PR's, commits, and all this.
I'm going to say instead, I want to do some deep dive research.  can understand built-in git CLI that can help me.
So I say this.
That's fine.
But what else?
What else?
What else?
Now, what would Imparma do?
What are they doing?
Well, they're trying to use basically effectively rejects matching.
They're not really doing this in a different way.
I want to persist the relationships, chronology, and full metadata.
This is always a good thing.
Pretty much anything you're doing, if you bring SQLite into the picture, language models will think about it differently.
Because they're saying, ah, you're not just trying to run a script and get a small thing out.
You're trying to build a system.  and databases come in because of infrastructure.
And maybe some, ultimately.
So I gave this, and I didn't say, here's what I want the solution to be.
I said, here's what I think I want the solution to be.
So I want to see how I can go tracing, so I can see what PRs depend on other PRs, what commits depend on other commits.
That can be seen as almost a timeline.  identifying.
Here's another part that's really important for research.
Now, this is obvious.
You would think that this is completely obvious for language models.
It's not.
They don't do this unless you tell them to.
And if they do, it's kind of by accident.
My reason for this is not because I don't think Claude can say the current date.
My reason for this is  Why is this important?
Because these things change and you want it to be available.
Now you'll notice that I'm not specifying GitHub Enterprise or not.
Does not matter because the thing is that typically features like this, there is some analog for it.
Even if it's not specifically that command that works, there will be something that's similar that came earlier.
It's very rare for things like GitHub.  that they introduced some sweeping new feature that had no prior comparison.
So usually they're just bundling things, so they're kind of like that Bazel command, you know, that can list on the dependency map.
Anything that they can do, you can do.
Always perceive it like that.
So anything that you can do through, or they could do like with that single Bazel command, technically if that command didn't exist, we could still do it, because what is that command doing?
It's calling a series of functions that operate in the code.
That's it.
Thanks.
So that's my point today, even with Stronivast, about the key management.
I was like, you're making this way too complicated, man.
If this is a solved problem, don't try to reinvent the wheel here.
You know, just chop it down into smaller pieces and see what you really want.
And if you do that, you're in good shape.
Likewise with this.
So, all research to be a little baby prompt engineering here.  nothing that's actually going to make too big of a difference, if I'm being honest.
The trick to research is also specifying the format that you want it to appear in.
So that's the trick to effective research, just make it specific, and you'll see what we're going to do here.
If you tell it to go off all at once, you're going to get a generic answer back that anyone could get.
If you do it in the way that I'm about to show you here, you're going to get back the best possible answer in...
It's going to be unlike anything that you've ever gotten back.
It's going to seem like, you know, how could that be true?
This isn't that complicated.
Just give it a second.
Let's see where I'm going with this.
It's specific about what you want.
The very last part here is one of the third levels.
Let's see.
There's anything else that I want to see.
Okay.
So.
This by itself doesn't seem like it's going to do anything.
It's better.
It's a nice prompt.
I'm going to let it go.
Let's see here.
I'm going to switch it over to probably...
We'll see.
If this is super slow, I'm going to switch it over to 4.6 because I just can't stay in that thinking mode.
We're going to fire this up.
Here is your truck.
Here's what I'm doing.  is actually a good thing and a bad thing at the same time.
You see what I did with this?
I have a big prompt and I did this in Cloud Desktop?
Yes.
So we're going to let this go, we're going to see how this starts out, because this is by itself a good approach.
The trick to good research is having Cloud make markdown files, not to respond in the chat.
That is the single biggest thing that you can do that will help yourself out.
Yeah, I used to not do that.
Maybe that's a good thing to learn out here I'm going to show you one more trick that we're going to pull here.
That's going to make this on on steroids.
You're going to see this That makes sense now and that is not how I use that tool normally But we're going to let this first one generate and then I'm going to do this in a different in a different way We'll see what I mean  Okay.
So you see, first document, big long markdown file.
All is well.
One second and I'll show you a completely different way to do this.
That's actually infinitely better.
So here's the problem with Claude, especially Claude Destin.
Let me see this.
I'm just doing something set up on another application, and I can show you my screen.
OK.
So all this is fine.
The problem with Cloud Desktop is that Cloud Desktop is like a watered down version of something that we know of that's way more powerful.
And that thing, quite simple, is just Cloud Code.
That's it.
That's all.
So here's how we're going to run this.
I'm going to take that same text, and I'm going to copy it, and I'm going to paste it.
So I'm going to just save this as a prompt, and I'm going to copy it.
I gave it two new rules.
I said I want all the work to be organized neatly into folders and files, put an image in dimensions.
I gave it another thing, make a rules.md file as you go, to keep track of my rules.
Here's my big trick to use.
Use Claude Code.
Do not use Cloud Desktop.
It's not obvious at first, but the very first time that you do it, you'll understand why this is so much more powerful.
And I'm giving this to you now because I'm trying to show you how to do a super deep dive on GitHub here, even though this will work in that way.
And actually, I will make this available to you because it'll be just a good kit anyway.
The reason here is that whenever we go and do this, what's the big difference?
Well, what happens when you run out of context in the cloud desktop?
Well, you try to start a new cloud session, and you try to say, hey, pick up where we left off.
And it doesn't include what you're talking about.
But if you treat it almost like it's a code base, you see where I'm going with this?
It gets a lot better.
Because just like Claude can handle giant code bases, well, research files are really simple.
Research files are just a bunch of markdown files.
There's nothing else there.
I'm even going to turn on auto-move.
I'm going to wait for it to go.
This is incredibly more powerful, comparatively speaking.
It's going to make this almost like I'm writing a program.
I'm going to go here and I'm going to add one of the most important rules that we can have, which is when you are doing you to do each wave with parallel and on purpose agents in the right directions.
To start, you must prove that we can have agents with these.  permissions who are never to do this in power in session or changes are needed to settings.json or...
So this is a magic trick in secret here.
Another difference with cloud code versus desktop is that cloud code is allowed to use multiple threads.
Cloud desktop gets one.
So what that means is that whenever we're doing research, we can do it at a much more rapid pace.
It doesn't save some tokens, trust me on that.
But we can do this at a much more rapid pace because we're able to do it in parallel.
But whenever we do it in parallel, the trick here is to do this.
Parallel general purpose agents.
Give this one in your mind and just memorize it.
Never ever let Claude use explore agents.
There's one very good reason.
Explore agents are unable to write files.
Which means that it's almost like it's playing the telephone game.
You know, just another explore agent, explore agent will come back.
Oh, I've got this great rich context.
It's beautiful.
And then what happens?
Claude summarizes it and you lose all that rich detail.
So, you want the research agents to be worth all the tokens that they're consuming.
So, you don't want the collision notes here.
You want this to be the full, unabridged, deep dive.
Okay.
Now, this next part is very important too.
With full web access and rate permissions.
To start it, you must prove we can have these agents with these permissions.
You never to do work in our main session.
The agents must be proven to work before continuing.
If any permissions are Json or needed, look about Json, which controls Cloud's permissions, by the way.
Please take action to resolve, do not proceed, if not in this way.
And finally, I'll say I recommend doing a single agent web search, and be proud of write-up findings to confirm a query with an underscore.
