Srikar Madarapu 4/22/2026 3:28 PM • Meeting with Srinivas - 04/22/26
1.Connect the first Workflow: CAT category issues with CAT MCP and conduct a cross-check of the issues to establish an intermediate system for a reply solution. This approach will ensure that we have a complete end-to-end connection established. Once this connection is in place, we can integrate a Webex bot that can respond to CAT issues. The priority will be on the deployment of this system, allowing users to begin utilizing it and providing feedback.
2.Regarding this NX Issue cateogry skills we have to get it developed and enable real-time insights to the admin/manager.
3.Similarly, we must construct MCP for other issues. or identify the existing ones and use.(later sequence)
4.Based on the input message, the main agent will orchestrate to the respective MCP (each issue will have associated MCPs) and perform tool calls to obtain real-time responses for the user's questions or issues.
5.Upload all the Skills created to the CI-CD repo. 
6. One slide for next meeting on the open items and access.

Namita Mane 4/22/2026 4:55 PM • MOM for build part (04/22/26)
1. Informed Srinivas that we have better understanding and working closely with Justin to understand the various CI / CD job stages / steps and the corresponding log / artifact location. We also learnt about the git commit metadata that would help us in tracking the commit that caused build failure(s).
2. Clarity on knowledge graph and dependency graph - Mentioned that currently we do not have knowledge graph. Only dependency graphs for individual build steps are available. Srinivas mentioned that we could work towards knowledge graph but doesn’t want to hold the project to start on the effort. So current priority is to leverage dependency graph to ensure progress. 
3. Srinivas will be sharing a Github repo that we need to use for all documentation / code changes - 
- All the learning / document (in .md format), design, architecture and source code must be checked in the repo. 

P.S.: Currently dependency graphs are available per build step / bazel package. Have asked Justin for the dependency graph for entire CI / CD build job.