Hey Colin. Sorry about that. Okay. Yes. Anything I can do. Okay. No, just quick one. We have a customer. We are meeting me. We are also going to join for that. This is an opportunity we are trying to get, and it is one of the customers. They are trying to set up, there's a retail customer called Ariat. I don't know whether you heard of that or not. Yes, I booed. Their CFO and CEO is a friend of mine. They are trying to have an India GCC, Global Capability Center. They want to set up their own. Thing and they were looking for us people who can come and help them. So we also Told him slightly we can get we would like to get that opportunity to help us out. So Wednesday we have a presentation. We have already gone through one meeting earlier We got the requirement what they are looking for and how they're going to be And so what is it they just want to set up like 30 people starting with that and then going to 200 people in next one or two years time and the model they are looking at either they just set up their own entity and From the day one we help them set that up or We can just create the, you know, we will just have it for them and then transfer. So build, operate and transform. That's another model which is so they are open for that also. So we are still working on the approach and why I'm talking to you because obviously in there, like everybody else, they are also going with some AI initiatives which they would like to do it. over a period of time, especially on their managed testing work. Okay. And what they would, they would start with their technology team. Technology team is going to be not big 25, 30 people or 40, 35, 40 people. But, you know, in the phased approach, they will have their HR, their marketing, their legal, maybe finance also moving some of that work to India, not moving like because they are growing, they want to build additional capability right there. So that's the goal. So one thing they want to just make sure in the testing area is the managed testing. They wanted to see like what are the AI we can use and how we can help them because they use a lot of folks for the manual testing. So which they really feel like the AI can be utilized. So how we are trying to approach this thing is like obviously me and as soon as we'll go in that call and we will talk about our story which we already told about them like we set up our own GCCs and all that stuff up you know our own centers multiple cities so and we're going to bring the GCC consultant also let that because it's at 12 p.m which is 1 30 a.m in India I don't know whether he's going to be available at that time or not but if he's there he's going to talk about the GCC what are the better cities which cities to be setting you know what is the different models all those things And then there's one thing is very important for them, culture. So for culture, I was thinking we will see how we will talk about that, our culture, how we will still be able to have our culture, even if we, after moving to India, whatever, it just aligns India teams. And us is like the one culture, everybody loves that. And that's what is important for us. And we will help you doing that as well. And then maybe ask Neha to come and talk about make that purple and that. And on the AI side, I was just thinking you could, along with Priya, can come in and just a little bit, when Priya can talk about her testing experience, because she had set up that in the past, big, big. teams and your AI experience for all these like this testing as well as in HR finance and maybe legal how they can utilize AI and how we can help them with some agentic work if required. So that's the approach we were planning to take. So we all go and it's 90 minute presentation to them. So I was just thinking you can come along as well and just present about. our AI capabilities and how we can help them. Yeah, absolutely. I'd love to. Thank you. Okay, so it's on Wednesday, Thursday at 12 o'clock our time for 90 minutes. So first, so just stay tuned. I'll send you all the information and maybe we already have something which we send it to them where we had our AI capabilities, right? Which you send it to us. I'll send you that presentation also what we presented to them. And maybe if we need to put together something about thinking like... A, the managed testing and B is like for these different departments what we can do it which can be generic agent think we can talk about it, how we can help them. Yes, absolutely. If it will require it is just going to be that one or two slides for that. Yeah, no problem. And what I can do too, I've had a really good success with Priya. She's great, by the way. She's been really wonderful to work with. So I think her and I are almost perfectly in sync on a couple of things. So yeah, I can do that. Is there anything that we have, like any of the prep materials? You've spoken to Priya, right? You've already spoken to her? Yes, yes. We've met a couple of times. Hello. Can you hear me? Oh, yeah. Can you hear me? Okay, okay. How do you find? What's that? How's the alignment wise? What do you think about that? Perfectly, it's perfect. Can you hear me? Your voice is breaking up for me. I think it's just that. Yes, yes, I can. Can you hear me now? Yeah, now I can. Yes. Okay. Yeah, go ahead. So what you're saying is like, how do you think about her? I think she's great. So I got to meet her. So we had a quick meet Monday morning, just kind of an intro to each other. And that was really good. So we have a very, in a much different way, we have a similar story to each other. And the exact same approach when it comes to teams, to AI, to solutions in general, to how we interact with people. So 100% aligned there. And then today, The meeting that I had to go on that I couldn't join for Rec 2.0 today was on this one with her and Suresh, which was Zeblock. Which was interesting because that gave me an opportunity to see her kind of in action. Oh, okay. There was a meeting? Okay, okay, okay. Yes, yes. I think it was one of these GCC partner ones, this company. But seeing her in action... perfect very very good compliment so she's very good at talking and getting saying the right words to people and reading the room and having people understand how we can be partners and how we can do business together so okay really positive so yeah great great so i think that will be if the india team is not involved if we can move that time but right now it is set up for thursday at 12 And it's a good opportunity, but if we present them well, it's like we can, four things it has to be important. One is like, you know, how we can help set up that. Second is the culture, third is the, you know, the AI. That's what I think three, four things which they would like to see how we can help them with that. So I think the AI side is you can cover along with, you know, Ria, if she can also join from the managed testing, that's where. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. We will be ready. We can knock this one out of the park. Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you. Yes. Thank you, sir. Appreciate it. Okay. Thank you. I'll send you the details of the detailed presentation and then whatever the notes I have from the decision or transcript of the call and other things which we haven't had recorded on the chat video also. That's some details on that too. Perfect. Perfect. That'll be more than enough for me. Okay, thank you so much. Take care. Bye bye.


