So you just ran down to the front desk to see if you can find some other colleagues that I think showed up as well So he'll be a second Sounds great  I never have any idea how big my head is whenever I'm on these things.
A giant talking head?
Apologies.
Say the words.
Never mind the man behind the curtain.
That's your size right now.
Wizard of Oz.
They're great in terrible odds.
You have to be careful.
My wife will hear that and she'll make me watch Wicked again for like the fourth time this month.
Yeah, I was going to say.
Hey, great to meet you guys.
Yeah, you too Travis.
Yeah.
Sorry for it.
Thanks for making this time.
Thanks for having us today.
Yeah, you bet.
We released the hands in 30 minutes, so we should probably.
Okay.
Just kidding.
So I think now you put this together for it.
Thank you so much for doing that.
No, thank you.
Thank you all for having time with us today.
So you want me to kick off?
Yeah.
So he's in charge of triaging in this company, correct?
Yes.
Yeah, Japan counterpart too.
So when we say triaging, we've been developing some old triaging solution in the house and that's almost ready.
But we also need some personnel, human beings, to cover the rest of the work.
Yeah.
It's like a contingency plan.
There's like, plan ABC,  Basically, in July, they're currently on a team of 12.
And we do something close to 6,000 to 7,000 tickets a month with this team of 12.
We're supposed to 13x increase.
Let's go forward, and that would be close to 100,000 tickets a month.  by mid-July.
We have been developing and testing an AI-based auto triage tool.
It's working 40% of the time, it works every time.
We're trying to get that performance up, but it's pretty good.
It's showing progress.  and the models just keep getting better, and the tool gets keeps getting better.
So we have a lot of hope in that.
But there's a lot of uncertainty, right?
This is not the same as auto labeling or auto annotation.
And I think we have a list of a lot of vendors, I think 23 of them.
And every single one we talk to, there's half of them are through a human's ecosystem.
Just here's mass amounts of people, mostly in other countries.
The other half are all we can do this with AI.
So a lot of those are the auto labeling, auto annotation companies.
The problem with triage is, at least the way we do triage, it's a little different than Waymo, Cruise, which is now GM, and a couple others we've talked to.
Those are what we call static analysis or static classification, where they're just constantly like kind of categorizing it to like the top.
Is it?
A hardware issue is a sensor issue.
There's a perception as a planner.
There are very broad categories, and there's only a few of them.
I think GM was using 14 categories.
And they're static.
They don't change.
We have close to anywhere between 150 and 440 bugs.
And they are bugs.
They're not categories.
They're like root cause down to the sensor data or down to the LLM that made the choice and the decision.
And so they are a lot more in-depth root cause.
And they're changing constantly.
So it's very difficult.
A lot of these companies are telling, we're meeting with them and they're telling us, oh, we can totally do this.
It's easy.
But then when we're like, well, we opened 90 new tickets this month and we close 60 from last month, they're like, well, crap.
And they're like, how am I supposed to?  like, succeed at this.
So we're trying to find a good solution.
Since ours is an AI-based solution, our backup, our plan B, or I don't know if it's plan B, it's more of our buffer.
It's trying to be human-based because AI backup to AI.
Don't stack your wrists, I guess, what we're trying to figure out.
And so I think we're looking at different places.
We're trying to look at  We use higher ed right now.
I think maybe one of you guys provide some more services.
Is that right?
Yes.
And that would be bringing these contractors in and that would be part of our team.
We're also looking at vendors, which is maybe we don't know their names, we don't know their faces, but they do it.
I am a little suspect that it would be difficult to do that because of the dynamic nature of this.
Each morning we meet for 30 to 60 minutes and talk to the changes from yesterday.
What was correct yesterday is now wrong.
Please use this process and this method instead.
So I think we're exploring.
Should I try and find out what's out there?
So I think we're curious about what you guys offer, your services, and maybe how they differ from our current ones that we use.
Yeah, yeah.
I think that was pretty quick and brief and accurate.
I think I at least got it.
Maybe Colin would maybe, if there's any other question, we can go for it.
But I wanted to quickly set context as well from our end.
Perfect.  who we are, who Colin is, who Jesse and I are.
So maybe you've heard of our name, I'm not sure if you have or not, but again, locally based organization.
We are not necessarily just the higher part of it.
We have solutions and services as well.
The quick differentiator I can think of, right, is we do not have a competing product against the 20-odd partners vendor that are trying to get this opportunity.
So we are not there.
So what we do differently is we work with any of the customers.  to work along the similar ecosystem that you have raised to identify the problem and work on the solution itself.
So being the human part of it, as you rightly said, and I think that's a very good approach from our point of view, from a personal opinion, that's the right way because there is no AI solution ready today because they are building the plane as they're trying to fly.
So it's not there.
It's a very, very new field for everyone there.
So what we can do is we have this approach of getting you the right talent.  which is the right resources, your human and group, the HL part of it, which I think we're going to talk about three of those that you're looking at already.
But what we understood so far that I got is the scale is increasing from like 7,000 to maybe a lack of 100,000 is where you're at currently.
The 15-member team, we're going to supplement that while you're obviously exploring the solution itself.
So I think that's what I understood.
But Colin, if you want to quickly summarize and introduce, and then I'll briefly introduce myself as well.
Sure, so giant floating head, my name's Colin Moore, so I'm our director of AI at Bay One.
I'll give you a very quick background on me, hopefully you don't get mad at me for this, so I actually, a long time ago, in my past, I was actually a research and development engineer for solid state electrolyte for electric vehicle batteries, unfortunately.
The unfortunate part is we sold it to GM.
So don't get mad at that.
Ah, that's fine.
So I'm not in that space anymore, but I'm an engineer to my core.
So this stuff is a lot of fun.
We did a lot of things like this.
The company I used to work for is called Coherent.
So it's based in Santa Clara.
Basically, Optics, semiconductors, advanced materials, manufacturing, that kind of thing.
So maybe not automotive, but similar problems.
And the biggest thing for Coherent back then was the reliability of systems.
And that certainly got a little bit off the rails whenever Gen AI came out.
Everyone wanted to throw Gen AI at everything.
That was always the answer to every problem that came, and engineers don't like that.
If you hear 80% accuracy, you kind of get really hairy about it.
That's not good enough.
So I'd say it's a good approach, but it doesn't have to be a binary approach either.
And I'll come at it from that angle, and then I can move into the next.
So sometimes, yes, it's true.
Humans are good, but there's a limit to how good humans are.
And where humans suffer in AI works better is consistency.
Humans are very inconsistent, especially when you're talking about things like triage or even like tagging.
It's highly variable.
People have good days, bad days.
Fun stat I always love to do is the very best PhD researchers if given 10,000 images to classify.
This is giraffe versus a car.  the best person, absolute best, hit 92%.
For a human being, draft versus score.
We get lazy.
So my point is that it doesn't have to be binary.
And the approach that I've always taken for this has been keep it deterministic as long as you can.
So if you're going to use AI, do as much as you can, as early as you can, to have, let's say, deterministic classifiers before it ever touches AI.
And when I say AI, I'm not really just talking about Gen AI.
So part one, keep it deterministic as long as you can.
Part two is combined methods on top of each other.
That way you can make sure you're not multiplying decimals by each other and getting a consistently smaller number.
But you can actually do this in a way, so you apply, let's say, more reliable machine learning and computer vision approaches for us, depending upon what data we're talking about here, of course.  at the very end for those fringe cases,
then that's when you pull multimodal or gen AI to make those decisions.
That ends up being much better in terms of accuracy.
That's how we can still push, you know, up to those 96, 98% figures.
That's what I did for a lot of my career.
That's what worked.
So that's why I was given that context today.
But yeah, it sounds like this was this static classification, meaning when the AI is trying to classify it, it's two categories and bins that are like  pretty non-changing or the fast changing or slow changing?
This is a fun one.
So I'll give you a little bit of background without getting myself in trouble.
So these are categories that are sometimes unknown.
So it's not that they're fast changing or slow changing.
It's that maybe you don't know.
And this was actually for some crystal growth ovens that we had.
And there's so many parameters.
We have no clue what's going on.
We think we do.
You kind of try to bias it that way.
But the idea is that the system has to self-learn, and it has to improve.
And two really cool things come up that.
Cool thing number one is that that is possible.
You are able to make this dynamic as long as you don't make it so rigid in the first place.
And the second is to treat it almost like how you would treat a human.
Not like how I'd probably treat Claude, because no one should be treated that way, but at the same time.
At the same time, what I mean by that is, as humans, we talk about confidence scores with AI, and I'll be here the first one to tell you that it's mostly BS.
It's an aggregate score of many things.
What we do for confidence in this case is, what is our certainty that, just like a human, if you give someone an assignment to do something, what is your confidence then based on?
It's based upon the number of times they've successfully made the right decision in the past.
Where it goes is it starts with human in the loop to make those early decisions and calls.
And then it goes and gives a TAI to see if the same call is made.
So it gets progressively offloaded from the human, but still with sampling in there to make sure that those right calls are still being made progressively.
It's never fully hands-off.
There's always kind of almost like you would if you were on an assembly line.
You're always sampling the product to make sure that things are correct.
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
Audits and cues.
Okay, but it sounds like this AI technique that you're using and that you've used in the past is Training the AI based off where the human put it last time or what the human did with the last time.
Sorry Sometimes sometimes so sometimes I'd say primarily yes But whenever you're training that training if you want it to and I don't want to talk overfitting or underfitting but Basically if you've trained it on just what you know,
and you don't have an openness to this if you don't have some you know Sure the training like this  That's where you have problems when things are not seen before.
If things are dynamically changing, you tend to have some bias when you come into it.
So there are ways to do this.
It depends upon the data.
And usually, if you zoom out far enough, you can see that there are patterns.
Even though things are dynamic, what's true to data is false tomorrow, you can usually get through that either way.
So is this fine tuning of existing models?
Are you guys doing any training of models?
Are you using commercial off the shelf?
And don't spill any secret sauce if you can't.
You shouldn't.
Yes.
Of course.
So the long story is both where it's convenient.
So basically, for cost purposes, if we can take an off-the-shelf model and train it, it's better to do that.
Someone else has done the work.
I don't have to pay for it.
I can get it.
But not all the time does that work.  and always go with the simplest solution first.
That's the one because a lot of these things sound great, but they're really expensive to do at scale.
That's probably the most sobering fact you get to.
So sometimes going with things that are hosted, I think just judging by the fact that we're on Google Meet, if you use Vertex AI, there's a ton of really good stuff on there that's already right out of the box that you can use that's much cheaper than if you were trying to do it otherwise.
Sorry, because we went too deep into what he was here.
That's Collins one experience today.
So that is just very small piece of what he's doing and what he has been doing.
So currently he's managing the entire portfolio.
So there are a lot of use cases, a lot of environment verticals, for networking, for obviously manufacturing.
So there are a lot of use cases which he can talk about, but that's not what we...
We have a good handle on different environment, different LLMs, different tuning methods, all of that.
So what we want to understand is your problem statement, and approach it in two ways.
One, which Naoki had mentioned, is the three resources that you look at, and then also discover for Colin to why we brought Colin along with.
While we do this piece of the human-in-do, if he can come up with any other thoughts, then your ecosystem, that we can add any value, or just suggestions and ideas and bounds.
And I'll be honest,  We're the one building the AI-based solution.
I'm one of the architects of it.
So I love talking to AI companies because I can pick your brains and see how it compares to where we're at.
But yeah, and each one is slightly different.
But anyway, I sometimes get sidetracked on that because that's where I spend a lot of my day.
So we also do protect on the fact that we do not have a product for at least this particular one.
And now I get it.
So we have a product of AI for  like there is a text code out there that we have a product a couple of those but for this particular problem statement we do not have a product or we are not even sure so maybe let's put a pin in that one yeah but the the real offering you guys have is is human based workforce or a solution based which Colin can talk about what Colin can do is even to identify and we come as a solutions partner a service partner where Colin or we are a team of our like AI folks researchers and  people who are implementing it.
Work along with you as your team and work along with these 20 other departments that you're exploring and help you guide.
So maybe if I put it like soldiers with you, we're together working for your problem statement with the opportunity for you to convert them as a full-time employee as well, which is always there, right?
Okay, so we have this cyber dish.
Tell me more about the human workforce that you guys are...
So what we would need for that is understanding what you're looking at on three roles.
We can clearly define it.
That piece of Jesse and I can take care of.
And while we're talking about it, if there's any AI element to it that Colin can think of, how it could enable or what he could just build from, we wanted him to be alongside in that.
No, in a sense so.
Yeah.
So we wanted to hear more from what these three resources would be doing, what kind of skill set would you need from them, or we can think of, and maybe that's why Colin can say, what else?
Maybe our team members or other teams that we already have who can contribute to the actual problem statement that you have.
Oh, yeah, we have to have the apps if we do that.
Or other ideas also.
So we are, as a trusted and preferred partner, our idea is to explore it and come to a solution that  Don't burn me at the stake for this one.
But this, uh, the easiest way for you to know what exactly those people would be doing, what we're trying to do, uh, have them do is to go to the actual open, uh, role.
We have a pirate right now.
Uh, this is a backfill for someone who just left.
Um, um, we can impose the link on the chat.
Yeah.
And so this is, this is much, uh,  It is very much a software QA role or a system QA role, but typically lots of times they'll be called something like QA engineer or software QA.
So QA are a few different varieties.
One is the software development engineering test, which they call SDEPs.
Yeah.
Is it that with Java, C++ programming?
No, there's no programming required here, but they do use a lot of JIRA.
Okay.  and a lot of JQL and SQL if they have it.
I will use all of the technical skills that they have.
That would be me.
Sorry, just in case.
Sorry.
Yeah, yeah, please.
We're not supposed to disclose which supplier we're working with.
Oh, sorry.
I'm sorry.
You didn't see that.
We didn't see.
My apologies.
If you have a description that is there for...
Yeah, I can share this with you.
From Florida, like, moments.
Yeah, sure.
I can just share this chat.
Appreciate it.
And again, we didn't see anything, so don't even worry about that today.
Yeah.
I just...
So I just put the...
So here's our problem that I was just discussing with somebody.
Obviously we want as much technical skills as we can.
At this pay rate, it's very difficult to find people with engineering and technical degrees.
So I just looked at the degrees that my team has.  anthropology, psychology, sports medicine.
Like they do typically have degrees, but it's hard to find at that 53 to 62 pay rate kind of what.
Yeah, maybe we were supposed to strip that out of it too.
But yeah.
And you're okay with the hybrid or it's remote or is it on fire?
So here's our handshake agreement we have with HR right now.
It is up to the manager.  to determine if they should be coming in or should be remote.
But that is the current policy.
We've seen a huge snap to come back to the office.
And so all the full-timers come back three days a week.
And so I don't know when they're going to retract that.
So we typically only look at physical people, the people that we bring onto the team, not a vendor, in the Palo Alto area or the Ann Arbor area.
Because if that ever gets retracted, then we want people that could come back into the office.
Right now, at least, the decision that I have rolled forward with is that it's okay for them to be remote.
So that's a good new color because you're kind of ready for the future.
Yes, okay.
In case you want to...
And you're locally even, either is what you've mentioned, either here in Palo Alto or...
Yeah.
Or you want to keep it safe.
We have to.
Uh, we probably keep it mostly here.
We have two triagers over it.
Okay.
And our verb.
But we do have an office that they can go to in our verb.
So when you do something like, you know, we are normally doing like one contract or one S.O.W, right?
We put just one single big S.O.W for like 10 anonymous forks.
Yes.
Yeah, we can do that.
So here's the other question.
Uh, I'll shoot straight from the up here.
What do you provide that are higher?
Like, if there were a thing called Schmeyrer, why would I switch to you as they posted up?
We know that we've used that for years.
They provide the kids.
Sure.
So just about one is the existing pool and existing network that we have within this ecosystem.
Since we are working in the same domain, same space, and have a good kind of pool of candidates, charge quicker.
Quality is another one.
From the woven side, we are trusted partners.
So woven has a very select few like partners that they work with.
We are already among our partners.
So you don't have to go through any of that very aggressive pricing.
The rest is on a sample is again, we are one of the  So the fact is whoever can get you the right resources, it could be us or XYZ.
So the answer is there is no difference per se.
The only difference is the tool that I can think of as one existing partner, existing domain, existing competence in this area.
But you don't have like a different pool you're pulling from, you have a secret.  tunnel into.
So we do have that.
Massive number of people with technical degrees but that are willing to work at this rate.
We do have a piece of it like the way we like filter or at least screen and so we have a proprietary the tool that I was talking about earlier the AI enabled tool which we have built in-house.
It's a very secret to proprietary our own tool and we screen.
Because there are a lot of people that will fill this particular description, right?
But then the process we have evolved, obviously, the quality itself is what we really offer.
And some of the team members within Bhutan can maybe talk about it and they can give it up.
Not the tool itself, but our quality that we have been there.
So all of the technical candidates that we submit to the customer go through that internal technical assessment AI tool.
And it spins out a specific number, so you won't see candidates come across your desk if they're not already benchmarked on multiple levels.
Not if I want to.
Sorry, some of my best candidates have come from rejected files.
And sometimes, you know, understand the understanding of  What is a good candidate, bad candidate?
Yeah, of course.
It can be complicated and difficult.
It's possible to see that still.
You're going to give me a score on there.
Absolutely.
And even some cases, right?
Um, so it'll score your candidate, for example, like zero to 800 being a credit score.
That's kind of how we develop it to act like a credit score, right?
So, you know, a technical professional, uh, who takes the score, you can have a minimum threshold.
They have to hit this bottom mark, like 570 or something like that.
But if you wanted to see people that might even be perfectly qualified,  for the role, maybe score 540, you can do that.
But it also will spit out an overview of their technical ability if somebody's really good in JavaScript, really good in insert tool here.
If you want somebody that's really good in one specific thing, but maybe not every single thing.
You can screen for that as well, and then showcase that entire results page.
You're able to see all of them.
We can skip that part also, because sometimes we have that feedback from some managers.
They're obviously too technical, but they're looking for things beyond the technical skills.
We just mentioned, right?
So if you want to see a wider pool not necessarily limited, we work with whichever way you want to work.
So that's another big differentiator.
There's the flexibility and size.
Yeah, we're fickle.
We don't know.
Very nimble.
We are very nimble on that.
Any talks calling from you, it is how we can tackle the three resource problem.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
I mean, so we have definitely that capability with tech score.
I mean, the newer form of that in-house is actually something that I'm the architect.
So I have my bias there.
That's something that goes a little bit deeper than even TechScore does, because you're absolutely right.
I mean, it's just like, ironically enough, the problem that you're saying with triage.
You want AI to do something, but you also want that human-in-the-loop as a backup override.
That's exactly how this new platform works that we're rolling out internally, too.
So we already have TechScore, the next evolution of that's coming.
And that helps because we get to kind of fine-tune this because what people say they want and what people actually want usually comes on paper.
You know what's actually in that JD?
Is that really who you're looking for?
The answer is almost always no, or at least not maybe as directly.
So I think that's one angle so it can give you that speed from the AI angle.
But the other half is we do vet these candidates.
So even for myself, it might not be the main part of my job, but almost every time if there's something struggling, if there's some issue, I typically get involved in anything that's AI-related or data engineering-related as part of that screening process.
If there starts to be a problem, we can usually intervene on our end.
So it's like we get to be kind of the precursor to you so that you only get the best candidates.
So that's kind of all.
All right, thanks.
So the only other thing that came to my mind for what is different than a lot of any other partners is the biggest thing is our co-founders calling myself, most of our team are all engineering background.
So I come from an engineering degree.
I have very electronics and communication, semiconductor, and also we come networking.
All the space, most of our teams are very,
very core technical.  so that that's a huge differentiator with a lot of other like players in the industry they are more functional folks and nothing against non-technical folks as you mentioned right so it could be any domain but it it helps us slightly more in terms of understanding the entire stack end-to-end yeah so that's slightly different okay i'll cut around to another meeting all right yeah but uh yeah we should think if like i said we have it open all right now sure  And it's open with one unnamed undisclosed agency.
All right.
I have no problem with doing a head to head.
I just don't know if we can do that without having to meeting it to one.
All right.
So I'm not the one doing all the interviewing right now that people might keep up.
So it's not okay to reach out to anyone.
Yeah.
How would we kick that off?
We can take care of it.
Okay.
Yeah, we can provide that.
We already have a JD.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I think we have an ENA to each other.
Okay.
Right now, it'll just be the one.
This is the backfill.
Okay.
And then we're still trying to figure out the best way forward with some part of that 13X increase, how many and who and whether it's contractor or vendor.
I think we're still figuring it out.
Sure, and I think the idea was just to introduce you to Colin, and if you were to do it another one exactly deeper, just using that experience and his capabilities.
But obviously, no strings attached, just to explore the response idea.
I think, yeah, let's start this one and see how far we get.
That's good.
That's good.
Sounds good.
All right, I'll put you at the back.
All right, we're going to go around exactly with our AI team.
So, our other one.
Thanks guys.
Cheers.
Thanks everyone.
Nice to meet you guys.
You too.
Good to meet you guys.
Cheers.
Bye.
