Yes.
So why don't you give them a quick overview of Taylor Branch in general, as a customer, right?
Who's the sponsor for the new entry to Kalyan?
And a quick download on where our program is.
And then let's talk about what we can either potentially take a proposal, or based on whatever they're trying to do, what intelligence do we need in the country, right?
So just draw it out.
Can I definitely try my best?
No, you're doing good.
I just came into it with Taylor Brand's.
It's been a really good experience, of course.
But our relationship with Taylor Brand comes from one of the leaders.
There should be five.
Oh, I know.
I know five before us, so they'll use.
I should have five.
So Taylor Brand...
Do you want to draw it out or I can draw it out?
Sure, you can draw it out.
You're good at that.
So Taylor Brand owns Men's Warehouse, Joseph Fink Bank.
They're really big in Texas.
So their bread and butter is, a lot of it is Texas for the revenue.
Their headquarters is here in Dublin, as well as Houston, Texas.
Houston is their biggest one.
It's a lot of leadership since in Houston.
We have a way in, of course, Yogesh knows one of the leadership person there that used to be Albertson.
I supported this leader at Albertson, so SVP over there.
They're taking engineering.
It was a little weak, so this is why this SVP is brought in.
His name is Siva.
That's who we have an excellent relationship with.
He works with a product team that we also work with. product team has VP, who's also SEVA works with and gets revenue from, is Carl.
Carl knows us, and Carl knows me, and Carl knows others with this leadership and others, too, that came over here.
So a lot of this Bay Area is people from everywhere, right?
Moving from different places.
But Carl's been around in the retail world a long time.
Carl was one of my biggest so w sign-off person at auger since long time ago, and that was What is he?
Carl is over product Yes, it's chief product and His budget also has to so see bags to run it by call for his budget, too So all of our so w's are approved by Carl for budget ads now Kalmyan is the new manager that just moved from Albertsons,
who I also worked with, who we have people under that he left.
He used to be over a merchandising group.
So, Steve has made him, until a week ago, a director of AI now.
So, we have...
Oh, Kieran.
You mean Kieran Darmavarbu.
So Siva has four leadership that he pulled from Albertsons to bring his team together, basically, on tech and engineering.
Anitha Andre is one director.
Kieran Darmavarbu, we also know him.
They're all local variables?
Local variables, yeah.
But some of his managers also sit in Houston.
Got it.
And Kieran Darmavarbu is senior director.
Anitha is director.
So Karl is a chief product officer, is it?
And Karl Jan is the new hire.
Karl is a CPO.
Karl is, yes.
CTO.
Karl Vasani CPO, yes.
Yes.
And so Karl Jan's background is more merchandising and tech engineering.
He was dabbling into DevOps.
His biggest pet peeve, I can tell you, is no QA.
The shift left has not been active at Albertson's.
He's been breached.
He lost his battle.
He burned out.
Siva knows him and pulled him out, basically.
And he's a very intelligent guy, Kalyan.
Very intelligent.
We, Karen Dharmarapu, is overall all the UI right now.
And he's going to be the main person that's going to have the AI initiatives.
Even though Kalyan is there, Kieran is going to be pretty much over him.
And Kieran won't advertise.
He's super, super humble person, just in general.
That how much he knows about AI, but he's extremely sharp.
Karen has managed teams of over 140 contractors, FPEs, to all of that over and over since.
I helped Karen five years ago to bring in contractors for his mobile team.
So he's big on iOS, Android, all the mobile technology.
He's extremely well-versed when it comes to implementing all of those initiatives.
I did find out...
So, Anitha Andre is taking care of UI as well, and Java.
Does Karen is UI or AI?
No, Karen is UI, but also, Karen's work is going to fall under Karen's, and I believe they're making it where Karen is probably going to report to Karen, but not quite yet.
Anita, what's her role?
Anita is director, and she's not quite all UI, she's also Java.
So, um, but she's, she's back end.
Yes.
So we have jumping once, you know, testing or databases or anything else.
Nope.
Just, uh, oh, so Siva does not have QA.
So who's the fourth, is there a fourth person?
No, there's right now.
They have a program manager lady they just pulled.
She's going to bring all budgets and everything together.
So QA is with someone else?
Siva is trying to bring it, but he's losing the battle.
So the senior director for QA, Vijay Kampole is in Houston.
So Vijay is in Houston.
And under that is Manoj Thora.
Manoj and I work together at Albertsons.
So we're trying to get a meeting with Vijay next.
Now he says he was available this week, since he wasn't and we had a KO.
And I didn't hear about it, I didn't push it, but it's coming, I think.
So calling just to give you some more background, we recently went like a week or two weeks back with both of us, met up with Karen.
So we spoke about some of the initiatives that we are sort of looking to propose at Cisco.
We were trying to actually dig for what he's trying to do this year, right?
Because their budgets just came through.
So core modernization is something that they are currently starting on.
Okay, that's a good one.
Yes.
But they've already, who is our competition there?
Who are they currently working with?
He mentioned that this project is already...
Who's our current vendor?
They don't have a vendor.
It's a service company that's working with them.
So it's not per se vendor for services.
It wasn't persistent.
He had mentioned the name.
I have it in my notes.
I'll get it in a second.
So this piece he says is sort of taken care of.
But he was curious to understand how we would go about it, what are we thinking.
Definitely always looking to learn.
So, you know, he would be a really good guy to pitch some services or at least show us some of the case studies that we're already doing elsewhere.
And that's going to jog his memory or, you know, some thoughts.
Yes.
Because he plays his cards closest.
Yeah.
And I rushed a little bit because you were in town, we were trying to get a meeting.
So I didn't have all these homework so many weeks. for you to give the perfect scenario.
So with me, it's never a perfect scenario, but I'll gather as much as information.
But, you know, for, so Kalyan is, I just found out we have a product manager right now over there.
He's a senior lead UI.
They love him, but they're trying to get him to do more AI work and he knows AI.
So he's kind of pushing himself as AI until I had to jump in and talk to Siva. a couple nights ago, and said, this guy's going to want more money.
He also wants more money if he's going to do all the out.
This went on a couple days ago.
And so I just heard this morning from them that Kalyan literally admitted in the meeting that he doesn't know anything about AI.
And whether it's the front, I know Kalyan very well, whether it's a front.
I'll be very lazy.
So whether it's a front or not a front, you know.
Karen also mentioned that they want to have the shopping, remember shopping done by AI quicker versus having customer go and do it manually and all.
So they're trying to bring in their large contracts for weddings and all of that that they do through AI.
So that way whoever the coordinator is doesn't have to manually put in.
But they already have all of this where it mixes and matches all the suits for the wedding and they have all of this in place.
But they want AI to come in and make it easier for their large customers.
They buy volume suits for men's warehouse and you know.
So just to break it down into two buckets, because this will help you, internal AI initiatives, like things that they're doing like supply chain stuff, where if they want to improve on internal, like for instance, on the QA side, I think the code mount position, this falls into the term.
Even though it might touch external things, it's still internal control.
The output product remains the same.
If it happens faster or better, that's one thing, but still the output doesn't change.
External-facing ones are exactly like you said.
If they want something on their website that's like an AI power feature, that goes into this bucket.
Typically, guys like this, if they don't have experience, they're good idea guys, but they don't actually do it.
They usually struggle there to gain any momentum traction. don't really have much to go from.
Which is a good place for us.
Same thing with code monetization.
If you say that they have this effort going, even if it's a vendor or an internal thing, whatever the case, if they're not handling QA at the same time as that, that's crazy.
And that's actually a good place for us to be to say, you know, advice is great.
We don't want to necessarily just give advice for free.
But at the same time, this is a good way to draw kind of a foil. between how we would do it versus how someone else is doing it.
QA should happen as a part of this stuff.
Oh, he wants QA.
He worked in the beginning.
And that's how we do it anyway, because it's pink.
Why would you go and do all this work with the code and not verify it at the same time?
So this is a good one.
We can even give them exactly what we pitched to Cisco.
So we have that.
That's well understood. that's different work that we can do.
That's a good place for us because this is a...
That's a good starting point for a conversation.
It's a low number of people too.
It's a high work output.
Also easier to source.
Yes.
From the features that are like more commercial ones.
That's where we're going to want to know what their year plan is on this.
Because they're always going to have like these kind of fleeting things like we want this on the website, we want... to have this in the app, where we wanted to have like a, here's a suit picker, you know?
Things like that.
Short-term projects.
Those will go here.
Some of them, they're pretty okay.
You tend to get stuck in POC lane with this, and it doesn't always go somewhere unless there's a person behind it in the org that has actual power to move it.
Yeah.
Unless they're fired somewhere.
Yeah.
But that's the tough thing with these ones.
Usually those are very much owned by that person internally. they're probably going to leave more staff and solutions on that side, in my opinion.
The internal ones are good.
The internal ones are almost always good, especially if they're just starting this out, because the fact is it's 2026 that's going to lead to the game for a lot of people.
They're probably feeling that too.
What almost always comes is when they're talking about code modernization, what code are they referring to?
Because that could be their internal stuff that they have for any internal process automation, internal systems, things like that.
Or it could be code that's for one of their external facing products.
I'm no expert on N-SOR house, but let me just compare this.
I imagine they haven't happened, for instance.
I imagine they need to keep that app up to date.
They want to have new features in.
That's probably where this is going.
And I think for code monetization, it's probably more we have not a legacy code, and this is messy over time.
Let's go ahead and clean it up.
They do have a company that they're working with, with the coding side, but they're not there on the modernization, but they're just working with them.
So they have to give permission, so all of the coders and Karen meet with them, and they work closely with that company that does some of that work too, if that helps.
So they may have outsourced that too.
It is, it is.
And it was there before all these guys showed up, even before Carl.
So Rima had a question.
Do we also, sorry to interrupt you for a minute, Colin.
So from Shiva's standpoint, obviously he must have a grand plan in his mind when he's brought these three people, buildings, his organization, etc., right?
Do we know what the grand plan is?
Well, first grand plan was to stick it to others.
But no, grand plan is, he's picked up all of the UI.
I mean, there's not a single piece that's related to UI anywhere else within the whole company.
So all of the tech engineering is supposed to be moving to him, and it is him, except QA has been the tough, it's redundant.
Well, I believe there's some relationship and seniority there on the QA side.
And again, the shift left. has not happened either, from what I can tell.
So one other point for everybody.
What are the deals that we've placed?
We've placed testers, we've placed UI folks.
Correct.
And product manager.
Product manager.
And yes, so we have UI and product manager.
Those are the two skills that we have in our case.
Yes.
Another test person is sort of developer Estet with UI knowledge.
Yes, so I need that has two three jump in and the two ladies, but Karen is over all that project too.
Yeah, and then We're about to bring on another person for Karen these two guys.
What kind of budget?
They're just getting the budget for all of our SW renewals.
So One thing I can say is seva will find the budget when There's a good initiative opportunity that saves them time and takes care of needs.
So the budget-wise, I know they had, I think, $2 million last year, just for a few areas.
And it counts as FD budget with a contractor some reason, too.
So I don't know about contractor budget yet.
So college is to give you some more background and why you think it's a good opportunity to meet them.
There's a lot of history with this guy and us, right, all the way to the company's back.
I'm pretty sure, as Suraj mentioned, there is definitely a grant that we are fairly new entrants to this organization.
They are definitely, he's looking to make a name for himself because he joined the company last year.
So he wants to basically show to his boss that he can bring in change, he can bring in cost optimization, he can bring in newness.
And so he is looking to consolidate that and push that.
He gets pushed back on budgets and all that stuff.
But the idea that we had was to go meet him and his entire team, showcase some of our AI initiatives that we're working on and other customers.
Ideally, if we can do something in the retail space itself, that's going to be very close to their home.
But if not, that's OK.
We can generalize that.
I think some of the stuff that you already mentioned, are things that I'm sure they're looking at from a low-hanging fruit standpoint.
This brings a massive performance boost in delivery and high visibility.
I agree.
So we should think of this guy.
If we are able to solve any of his problems that he's able to sort of...
Shared by default everybody else would be aligned because he's the one who is getting everything in so they're all his influence And he will give all the information what they have going on Okay, like he'll give you as much details as we need.
It's not gonna be one of those clients where we have to pull information out Okay,
I mean whatever we need he'll give a overall pitch so Friday 11 to 12 he has time open But we can move it since we have a kale but his plan was to give an overall everything of what they're doing, and overview, and then what he's responsible,
his team is, Kalyan, Kiran, and one, those were going to join, Anitha couldn't join.
So that's what his plan was, to give us what they're doing, what they would like to do, what they're trying to do, and then opportunity for us to ask questions based on just that, and then we would definitely need more, of course, you know.
So I did some AI search for the priorities, so here's what comes out.
So, this is the 2024-26 strategic engineering initiatives, right?
First is AI-driven customer intelligence and positioning.
Second is, you know, and part of that is customer data platform, unified data, ML pipelines, all of that.
So, I don't know if it will form a vulnerable area.
Second is cloud native platform modernization.
My resource is DevOps.
So, that may explain that good modernization piece, right?
Yeah.
Again, engineering priorities are legacy modernization, API-first architecture, containerization, reducing operational complexity and enable faster digital seeing, enterprise sales service commerce platform, Taylor Express.
That's the third major initiative.
And the last one is omnichannel orchestration.
Yes, that should be the physical integration.
Because they are pretty... behind on their fairly legacy.
And we'll have a ton of information as of one week because we're bringing in UI architect.
That's the last one.
You want to talk to this as well?
I'm sure you will love that.
Just to give you the company version.
Yeah, the company mentioned Australia.
Thomas Tools.
Is that the company?
That's what he says.
They use commerce tools for code matter and modernization.
Karen will answer any questions we have.
I told him we were meeting and he's like, text me what you have.
I can send this to you because I filtered a few times before getting this.
Yeah, well I didn't know if you knew it.
So I asked him to filter based on most current updates.
OK, then give me five points.
I think so.
You're awesome.
So I'll send this to you because I think this is the most current I've highlighted the inputs.
We're all current inputs.
So this could be a charting.
And I'm just saying that we need to connect back to the strategy so that we can not connect back to the business.
I'll have to show you whenever you have time.
I have a couple of things.
There's one that's called Salesforge.
We have a bunch of things that are suffixed with forge.
Salesforge goes and does this very deep research on all their earnings calls, all the releases, things like this.
Perfect.
This was quick and dirty stuff.
It works.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
But I can get that.
Do you have access to this call, the CPO person?
Do you know him?
Yes, definitely.
In fact, Siva, when I go to the office, invites me to all the leadership meetings.
What I was saying was, if you have access to him, it may be good to meet him more casually to hear out the whole big picture story, what they're trying to do, etc., because that will help us align better through the engineering teams.
Yeah, and Carl, they have leadership conference next week, all of them, so all of the leaders for all the areas.
It's actually better to do it after.
So if we can need them, I would do a little more of a smaller call alone, so that we can validate or understand.
I mean, AI will give us a lot of data, but we've got to just validate whether it is accurate or not.
And then when we talk to the engineering teams, Paul will be able to align a lot better to initiatives, based on this initiative, these things will align.
Yes, for sure.
Yeah, Steve is willing to introduce us to just about anybody. but he likes to be siloed too, so I have to pull him out.
But the Karl definitely, he knows me and Siva's, he knows us too.
Karl knows us too.
Yeah, because I think then we'll be a lot more sharp on our messaging.
So two questions for you.
One is, how did these guys get along?
So yeah, so Manoj thought I used to be at Albertson, so when I found him, Basically, I told Siva.
Siva's the one who said, oh, by the way, Manoj handles QA.
And then I said, oh, I know Manoj.
And then I didn't know that he was QA only.
I thought it was part of Siva.
But basically, Siva's not volunteering as easily for me to set up a meeting with Vijay.
Because there is some sort of...
I assume there's friction.
Vijay is more worried at this point about losing his QA area to Siva, is what I'm guessing.
It's definitely going to be right.
That's how you lose your QA area.
One thing that we can do for them, because this is where they should look naturally.
If you're writing the code, you should be missing one.
But the thing is that the QA teams don't necessarily need to do anything other than verify that this just actually ran and happened.
But generating the test can still happen here.
So even though he doesn't have control over QA, he effectively has control over QA.
Because these guys are just hitting the key and debugging and testing and recording.
So that could still be part of this.
So that's not the dead in the water one here.
Even if someone else has already started on it, maybe they haven't looked at it from that angle, maybe he doesn't realize that that is, can get unstuck in that way.
The other is here.
So if you have someone that's new, that's maybe a little bit out of their water, that's a ton of pressure.
Yeah, it makes us a little bit unpolished.
Yes, exactly.
But at the same time, it doesn't make up for actually having done stuff like this.
This guy is very intelligent.
Very.
Like his IQ is... top of the chart.
But he's not a people person.
So that's why he's brought in for this piece because he won't deal with a lot of people.
Only machines and AI.
But no, it's very intelligent.
It won't take him long to figure out and ask you questions.
But he doesn't have prior functional experience?
No.
Okay.
But he's good at his, he's like an SME that's essentially been doing this.
He was a, yeah, he was a senior manager over engineering for all of of the QA, dev, and work.
It's a pretty heavy engine.
By now, with that AI from a functional standpoint, that's where our opportunity comes in, because he'll be looking to, as a part, partner with somebody to solve this problem.
He's actually asking our own product manager as of this morning about the AI questions.
So another time that there's an opportunity there.
We might run a question on the AI friend.
Do these guys just do the engineering part of UI or do you experience also with these fellows?
Both.
Both?
Both.
Okay.
We have two ladies that do the user experience and then we've got Offshore and our guy.
So we have already engaged with them?
Yes.
All people already engaged?
Yes.
You are your expert?
Yes.
And we have an architect that's starting next week.
And we're grabbing, yeah.
So we already sort of penetrate and growing.
Yeah, I found out.
Can you tell me our footprint?
Is this within Taylor Graham?
What are the engagements we have right now?
So right now we have the product. managers and so Steve introduced me to the product side.
There's a director and senior director that handles all the product.
We have a product manager who does the data analytics as well as some of the customer experience side and then we have the UIUX folks and we got one offshore solid UIUX right now.
So maybe, I don't know if you can talk to some of them who can give us more specific information to prepare for these meetings.
Oh, definitely.
So another thing I'm working on is I found out our competitor for contracting is Infosys for a couple of contractors.
Infosys only has two or three.
Two offshore with Kieran and one onshore with Kieran.
So when I came up here a few weeks ago, Kieran asked me, hey, this guy is not being treated good by Infosys.
He's working two jobs at Apple and here.
Can you do something?
And so, I'm moving him up to us.
He's going to take a break up week.
They're going to kill him on Infosys S.O.W. and then come on ours.
So, tomorrow, before the A.K.O., A.K.O. starts round 12-1, whatever.
So, we should set up one, a college that goes out two-way.
What is the action that we are trying to work towards with this discussion, talking, and just trying to put a stake in the ground?
What are we trying to work towards? what they tell us, what your thoughts are.
They don't expect us to come to this.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
I was just trying to see.
No, no, absolutely.
So two points there.
One point that ideally I'd like out of this meeting, one for them to understand, again, currently we are stopping.
This is a big pain point where they've got in one somebody who is focusing on your regression level, right?
He knows about us, but he's not booked with us at other things also, right?
So we want to open up his mind and his mind to look at us as a partner.
So that's the first thing.
First objective is this is what we've done.
AI, we know it.
Help us understand what you're doing.
We will come back to you with some proposals, which will solve some of your problems.
So that's one.
Second is, as she mentioned, information gathering.
February 1st is when they got their budgets.
So their roadmap is set.
Once we understand what their roadmaps are and a lot of the pieces that we already have, we're able to incorporate that.
Whether they give us an opportunity or not, we can definitely go back with a proposal.
So my idea would be to get to that point very quickly.
And this is more of a meet and greet, helping them understand.
So are we working towards a meeting?
We already have a meeting, but we'll have a book there because of the EKO.
Yeah, he seemed like he gave me 11 to 12 for us to meet him, over remote, because they're not in the office this week.
I think in the interim we should talk to our team members and gather more information.
There's a lot of public information, as I shared with you, Colin, so there's a lot of good recent updates about Taylor Brandt from their reports and all of that.
So we should do that.
And I mean, probably we should line up a meeting with the CPO also whenever it is possible.
So what I think is maybe next two to three weeks we have a...
Very solid understanding and we go with a pretty clean shot in terms of what all we can do.
My goal for this Friday meeting and as Anuj and I talked about was with that just knowing what we know but then giving us all the information in the beginning like see what will give you a whole overview.
What they want to do so far, it'll change, I'm sure.
He's not actively able to say, tell me what you can do kind of thing.
He'll be like, this is my problem statement.
He's very aged.
So it would be good to be an even person, no?
Yes.
Oh yeah.
It's just leadership conference next week.
I know, yeah.
Week after...
I could come back if they have time.
He's looking to see if the fourth and fifth would work.
But yeah, I see Steve every time I'm here every few weeks, you know.
But my goal was...
So we'll plan it.
But what I'm seeing overall, I can tell you, AI or not, when it comes to solutions, and I was with six guys at IBM years ago, I was just...
New and you know learning from these guys They don't want you to come in and just say well,
we've done this we can do it all for you And see if that's gonna be one of those that's gonna give you information Then brainstorm with him and then come up with Break it up in the pieces don't give the millions of dollars So break it up in the pieces technically,
right?
Again, I'm just in our technically dangerous, but when I'm doing other solutions, that's all I've done before.
It's just give me enough ML for me to find out between our people and then whatever I can find out.
Then let them tell us what they're doing and then just come in and ask what you can think of right then and then.
So it's okay to ask questions.
The last two things I would say here is definitely I would actually go lighter on case studies more on just listening.
I think we should not pitch.
We should just listen and brainstorm, that's all.
So that was my goal.
So that's all when you send that email down.
I don't have any information but you'll get a ton from this group.
It's not like the other clients.
They will give you a lot of information. then we'll be in good shape because that way we can give them very specific things, especially because they're not even going to be thinking about things properly.
If you don't have an operational team here, then this part, this data box, which is visibly absent from this, this is very silent.
Who's doing what?
Where's the ownership line?
And are they doing something for one project on team or are they thinking a little bit bigger?
Keep in mind that they're very, very we have to make sure we stroke their egos.
Very much where, don't tell us we don't know this, but yet they don't know this, so we have to make sure.
Siva's very protective, and these guys are very smart.
Now, Anitha is junior director.
These guys are extremely strong in their tech world.
So we can't come in, just ask her questions like you do.
I mean, you know your stuff, but I have to be always, like I always tell people when we get to the level list, too.
These guys are pretty smart.
So even though they might not know a lot about AI, they'll take what you have and then brainstorm with it.
It's a good thing, right?
But at the same time, just the way you approach it will be a little gentle approach.
Does that make sense?
Absolutely.
With these internal ones, these are pretty much some of them are in industry, customer segmentation, even though it's 90% of the same industry to industry, it's still more heavy, it's still more heavy, more data available.
A lot of these other ones are pretty much generic, like things that we're already capable of able to do, even from this standpoint, if this is UIX development or testing, that's fine, because that's part of the scope of work for Cisco.
So that's work that we can definitely do.
The rest of these, this will fall into the business intelligence space, but also Comes back to this.
Where's the data?
Who owns that?
What's their role in this whole process?
Are they in?
If not, that's a good thing.
They're going to be missing all the actual things.
We have a product manager who works on analytics and insights right now and works with data.
So I think if you can share the loads of the people who are placed, then maybe Colin can decide, prioritize who to talk to, so that we can, even before we meet Shiva, we have a good understanding of what we are doing.
Because that way, no, I mean, it can be adjacency to what our team is working on, to pick up something back.
And this product manager, Fran Wigs, inside just got my case study questions together for you.
Sure, sure.
Because even me, case studies come in handy with learning what they're doing, and what challenges, and the overall view, you're right.
But yeah, so we have one that they'll help you with him.
We can always get him a call.
So timelines, if you can help us with timelines, when do you need information?
So that we can keep the ball going.
Okay.
And let us know, in my opinion, I think, Rima, let's send him the list of people that we have with us.
And what they do, so that you can, my recommendation is this week, anyway, you know, we'll go with the IQ.
So next week, you can make some time to talk to these people.
And if the meeting with Shiva is a week after that, know that, you know, hopefully we can nail it then.
We'll have enough information to ask some good questions.
And I'll give you job description and person, resume, and then set up the call with them so that way you can get a background of what we looked for.
Because job descriptions are pretty good, unlike my Albertsons people.
Oh, you know what?
That's what they tell me.
I have a role for a guy today.
Today, I'm like, can you give me an art of measurement product, man?
You can dump everything into your LLM. in person two weeks from now.
Let's do it in person, then everybody has time to fly in and stuff.
Try and pull in as many people as possible so that we are able to make a bigger impact.
And if we can do a car set up on the side, either before or after, that lot's beautiful.
We don't have Seva to walk us in.
That's not required, but if he's OK with it, that's fine.
But let's do two separate things if we can make that happen.
I made a note.
I think the positioning from it, if we come in from that angle of you're the SME for industry.
We don't have to have use cases or anything that's directly specific, but we're the experts over here.
Let's marry the two and now everyone has started.
And Kieran is going to be, like literally I was texting him now, he can answer any questions you have in between before we meet.
Yeah.
I can do it.
Yeah, if you want to set up a meeting period, just think of this as a set up.
So I would say, yeah, my recommendation would be to meet with Karen before we meet with all of them, and then try to see, because he'll give us time.
Like, literally, he texted me just now.
Let me know what you need.
Oh, perfect.
That's awesome.
I mean, I just told him we're working on Friday, but does it look like he could be, because he was texting me this morning, saying, I haven't seen the invite.
I'm like, I know.
See you and I are working on it still.
So information never works.
So that's good.
Cool.
Are you good?
Yes, I can arm you as much as possible.
I can do it.
So we want tomorrow morning what works for you to meet?
What works for you?
I'm here all day.
Sure.
That should be good.
Sorry, I was rushing for this.
