This was just actually yesterday. But last week, we're going to meet with Mani as well. We're in a conversation with them about PWA modernization. So Colin will share more about that. But the context was, you know, he said there's a lot of keyword work that needs to be done. So if we reach out to the team and connect with them, then we can take the conversation. Sure. Want to connect Colin and you? Yes, absolutely. I'm happy to read up. So do you want me to do a quick intro to me? Sure. Why not? OK. Well, I don't believe what the exact thing is. We're still people. I wouldn't need it. I wouldn't need it. My name's Colin Moore. I'm our head of AI for Bay One. So I came to Bay One from a much larger company. So I was a coherent corp before this. It was about 40,000 people, about $8 billion revenue. And there what I had done is grew up from the ground. their whole AI practice. So I'd done the AICOE to initialize that. I originally got the team together, ended up having a team of about 120 people globally. And we did all kinds of work. That's why I came to Bay 1 from a solutions perspective. At Coherein, it was all over the place from engineering to legal to finance to anything you can think of. So for Bay 1, kind of establishing these core competencies for us in AI, which is really exciting because you know it does change maybe not even since the beginning of the year, but maybe since last week. Right now at Sephora, we've got some really interesting work going on for the ETW modernization. That's using a GEMTIC AI to basically solve... Okay, great. And I think there's some other things that I'd love to talk about around QAQE automation, because we do that internally. So our philosophy right now is kind of practice like we play, be our first customer to ourselves. So even when we're developing things internally, we have fully automated QAQE. So that's an easy thing for us. It's not like a product we're selling. We're kind of just taking what we do and doing it free. So yeah. I would love to know exactly what you mean by the whole automation. Yes, yes. I'll give you a little bit of, let me introduce myself to you. I joined Sephora from Walmart Labs back in April. Okay. The world was a very different place than I was hired to migrate Sephora from old legacy, apg, e-commerce product to new microservices world. We did that in the next couple of years, and I moved into the infrastructure side, setting up the Microsoft Cloud Platform in Azure. We did that in another couple of years. Since then, I'm managing QE. This was considered to be the slowest horse in the race. You're done with development, you're done with deployment, now testing is lagging behind. So we've made tremendous progress in the last couple of years. We started with AI, couple of years back again. It started with a small intern project, but obviously it evolved into bigger and bigger things. After talking to Nikhil and others, I'm sure you have a fair bit of idea where we are as an org when it comes to AI. Until last August, it was a playground for everybody to explore, see what works for you, where you can introduce it. Since August, it's sort of a mandate now. There is no other option. if you're working on anything new. So much so now the entire SDLC process is, I can use the word, ancientized. From the point of defining the requirements, creating stories, obviously developing, testing, deploying, everything else. We are moving to a model. from a regular port structure to an amp structure. I don't know if anybody mentioned that. It's called agentic micro port, which basically means it's a very lean team working on very, very small enhancements, small and frequent enhancements, which basically means that you're churning code on a very regular basis and that demands equally stronger fast paced testing as well. So since we started this journey two years back, we were already much ahead in the game and other functions. They've all caught up, yes. We tried multiple models to sue testing. Early, mid last year, there wasn't anything out of the box to support testing. There were lots of unit testing product available, but nothing that would support. holistic end-to-end testing. So we were building on our own, creating the perfect knowledge base, setting the right context for testing to be done. That to me is the biggest differentiator between just churning out code and churning out tests. Because code can be based on a single story. You need to develop this, and you need to develop that, develop it, create a different version. But to test that functionality, especially on an end-to-end perspective, you need a pretty holistic context to be set. Yes. You need to identify the dependent users, the negative experiences, and all those things. So we established that using DataIQ after going through 1.11. Then late last year DataIQ obviously became a lot more expensive. Sort of an enterprise model adopted Claude as a tool, but we moved to an event as the platform. Interesting. Now, there is an effort under Nikhil in our MCP and DevOps team. We are building our own interface, our own data models based on light LLM to a point that we will now, again, look at migrating what we have into our homegrown system. We call it Nova, you know, something next, something virtual assistant. So from a QE perspective, our strategy is fairly simple. We are creating QE agents to cover for multiple phases in QE lifecycle. Right from validating the acceptance criteria or understanding the requirements, then moving on to generating test cases and some other artifacts. maybe redundant in a short while, creating test plans and this and that. Then automating it, we've explored with, we've been using, we are Selenium based shop. So we are now looking at migrating to Playwright. So we've done all POCs and new automation development using Playwright. Then comes the whole CICB pipeline, supporting continuous testing. There have been few gaps in our QE in terms of supporting visual testing, for example, the visual QA, or translations and localization testing, or ADA compliance testing. We're also looking at setting up mobile farms. So these were all the gaps that we were not thrilled at our coverage in those areas. So we are also getting our hands dirty in these areas to kind of So these are a few things that are happening, and we are exploring different tools and different ways of doing things. Obviously, anything that we are touching needs to have an MCP server and all, so we can seamlessly integrate in our workflows. That's inside where we are. That's great. That's great. I mean, that's a lot for me to go for sure. So we have a QECoE team conceptualized again a couple of years back Deepika is leading it, I don't know if you've had a chance to meet her yet but it's a very small team about five currently we start to adjust to their whole roadmap is exactly what I just narrated to you. Now outside of just the functional aspect of these agents there are some non-functional aspects as well in terms of supporting continuous testing. Relevancy testing is a big deal right now just to measure the quality of agentic workflow outcomes. How do you know your agents are doing the right thing? Then the whole concept of generating metrics and supporting decision-making process. Because more and more, all our leads are now getting converted into not an engineer, but a decision-maker. That's what I'm telling all my leads now, because everybody's worried about the job. Agents are doing everything, what are we doing? Hey, you wanted to be a manager, right? Now you have a team of agents. So you're still accountable. Just that you're accountable for a team out for them, your individual out for them. There are a bunch of things happening on the site to support all these operational support in our ultimate goal of achieving that high quality for customers. Plenty of things happening. Amazing. I would love to hear what you are working on, Colin, in terms of supporting QE function in general. So the good thing is I don't have to explain a lot of the background that I normally would. So I'll skip that. First of all, moving from Selenium to Playwright. It'll be night and day. Playwright, not that Selenium was a bad framework, but Selenium days you're used to sticking long delays and things, essentially. Things take forever because you have to wait. There's some uncertainty there. Playwright is so much better, and it works so much better for AI as well. A few things where it doesn't do well that we can talk about and get through. And number one is the visual understanding. So agents do a lot better with this. Even from the QA perspective, you can give an identity to an agent, even if you're doing ADA compliance testing. Here are the strict requirements for this specific compliance, and maybe there's also a persona. that you give to an agent. Very good. And it works very well with Playwright. Easy enough to do. The trick is to do it at scale. And especially because with testing in QA, QE, you have effectively a moving target. There's a statefulness to testing. And that's where I think we can definitely help the most so that there is a lot of throwaway work. It has to be because what happens when the code changes, you no longer need those tests or maybe they need refreshed or something. So what we do with the approaches is to get a map. essentially of the code base. Every part of it. We explore it. For anything that I do, you'll find that the approach is first deterministic as much as I can. Bring in AI last as a rule because it's kind of like the telephone can. There's a certain amount of reliability that you can and cannot get out of AI systems. And I don't like seeing numbers that are 80 percent. I like 97 plus. So the way that it works is we deterministically explore code base first. we get this mapped out. And we actually just, this is an autonomous process that goes and makes essentially a state graph of what's going on here. This takes care of just about anything you can imagine, from dependency mapping, from even things where we're seeing like CVs, any libraries that are used, basically what modules talk to each other. We usually do that as a first step to also help to identify a dead code. So even if it's not a QA-QA project, we do that because sometimes, like for a modernization project, we're trying to convert from one language to a completely different framework or language. I want to know what I don't have to do first. Simplify that problem. So once we have the state graph, that plugs in very nicely with CIC pipelines. So that means that whenever new things happen or change, now I can adjust my tests accordingly. I know what to start when. Agenic systems don't do the best if they're not truly autonomous. If they're truly autonomous and you can walk away with them, that's great. As long as you have everything under wraps, excellent. If there still has to be a person doing it, you're going to get a nice speed boost still, but you'll benefit more from the consistency than the speed in that case. So CICD plugging into a state graph to keep this all tracked. So that means if a file changed, you know, maybe this file change or maybe this set of file change, What unit tests need to be run here? This is where we get to point number two, which is coverage. What does coverage actually mean? That's a fun question to ask. So for us, it means, you know, actually for any new things, will it cause a regression? Yes or no. When we say coverage for a unit test, does that just mean that it's testing out all the functions or should it also test the things that it touches that could be downstream dependencies recursively? It has to be that. because otherwise it's not a good unit test at the end of the day. Writing the unit test too is usually where standards come into the picture, which is tough because that varies greatly across all organizations, even within organizations, even within teams. So we can help to set those standards first early on, at least the first pass that you get to guide the unit test and the way that they're created. What else are we looking for? If we find things weren't caught, those immediately have to go back to a part of the system to say this is an edge case that we didn't catch. Next time the situation comes up, even not this exact situation, look out for it. Let's make sure we have coverage here. The point is that it all has to be a central framework so that it always keeps benefiting. It sounds like it's a lot, but it's not. This is something that I do with two other people. So it's not like it's a big team that has to do this. The trick is to bring it all together. If you can harmonize the upstream process with testing, finally testing is getting the respect it deserves. It's no longer just an add-on that we say, oh, we have to do this at the end, but it's a true part of the CICD process. If you can get that in harmony, then everything else becomes much faster and starts to iterate as a result. Playwright is the secret sauce for the actual testing, even from the UI testing angle. Bringing that in with visual understanding models, that's where we usually have to mix from the grab bag a little bit with the models. So, for instance, it's not always Claude. We love Claude. We use Claude for about 90% of things. But, for instance, Gemini tends to do a lot better job with visual understanding. We don't have to pick. So, you know, some agents are using Claude somewhere with Gemini. Very few with OpenAI, but that's a different story. But we basically can choose the agents that work best in that scenario. And we can do that with testing. The best thing is that you can have agents check on other agents, too. So even when the agents are messing up, you don't have to waste a human's time to go and look at this and say, that was junk. Co-honor those days where you're doing some UI testing and a button position moves, then the test fails. It was just because it relocated. We should visually understand that enough. But the trick is to keep this story going. That's the secret to it all at scale, is keeping that memory alive as part of a system. That's what we can do and can bring in for it. The playwright side of it, writing those tests, I don't want to say it's easy, but it is the easiest part by far. Easy to the point where we have an agent that writes playbooks for everyone else to run, and it's that kind of easy. Even for things that are a little bit more strict, like for instance things that are password protected that you can't get behind, that's still fine. Or mobile testing, also it can be done with playwright, so there's no difference there. So you can actually go and set up these different profiles for it. And the trick is to keep it, like I said, keep it deterministic as far as you can, and then agenda at the end. If you keep it that way, then you can make sure that the flow is happening repeatedly, reliably, without really having to worry too much. Even for the human and the loop parts, where should a human and loop come in? And what does confidence really mean? If I say it's 97% good, what does that really mean? So perfect confidence is never possible. And the metric that I like to always kind of remind people of is, what are we as people? If I ask my team, what are they going to give me for unit tests? Accuracy. It's not going to be 97%. There's a funny thing in computer vision that comes. I love this stat. Professional PhD researchers given computer vision task to label, is this a giraffe or is this a car? The best of the best is 92%. Giraffe versus a car. Why? because they're given 10,000 images to label and people get lazy. And people eventually start going... So with agents, with automated or deterministic systems, the consistency angle to them, if you allow that to happen. So the same thing is here. You just have to keep that memory and grow the system out as you take it. The nice thing is that usually with an organization, it's tough to get it started, but once it's started, generally speaking, the more projects you do, they're fairly aligned. Maybe it's the same tools, maybe it's the same stack, same standards. So once that initial pain is done, much easier as you go. From a system perspective, even for where you host it, because especially to do these things at scale, especially for UI testing, because that tends to be the most, depending on how you do it, it can be heavy on terms of cost. Even though it's not writing millions lines of code, now you still have to look at these basics before images, for instance, the screenshot. That can also be optimized. So it depends upon what you're on. If you're, for instance, like an Azure house where everything's on Microsoft Azure, perfect. Playwright is from Microsoft anyway. So there's very, very good visual understanding tools within Azure. So everything gets hosted there. All maintained in one place. IT department's happy with us. Cybersecurity's happy with us. We're not coming in with a separate tool or product. It's built on what the company already uses. Analogs are true for GCP and AWS too. Our approach is always going to be those kind of hyperscaler first. Architectures, they're all kind of, they would get very upset with me for that, but they're all kind of replaceable with each other. But we would go with whatever in-house preference is on them. Very last part, then I'll shut up. Is the transparency side, observability. That's something that gets missed. How is my team doing? And not just how's my team doing, but how are my agents doing? If you wanted to be that manager, I think there's this new silly term harness engineering. I always roll my eyes at these. It's a new term every conference that happens. Every time there's an NVIDIA GTC, new terms. But where it matters for you is, do the agents do what you want them to do? If they're flagging things, why? Because after the system's mature enough, it's really, really interesting to see what those edge cases are. Is this because it's being too strict? Is it because we're wrong? We're trying to do this testing, and it is fundamentally something wrong with what we're doing. What are those actual reasons why things fail after the system is stable? Because no system's perfect. Cars still have to go get their oil changed every 6,000 miles. For agentic systems, having that kind of observability of them, what's going on all the time, so that it's traceable, is really, really important, especially for testing. Because if some error occurs over here and it should have been caught upstream, why didn't we catch that? And that kind of a loop to have those two things in sync with each other is all part of this kind of, I don't want to say autonomous system, but system autonomy, more so. So the system can organically keep itself fed in with new information as time goes. But that also goes back to even the human testers, because even human testers benefit from that, to say, what is the parity between human versus agent? And from my standpoint, I'm not here to take anyone's job away. More so, say, we can't do anything in the QA, QE space without that kind of very tribal knowledge that is there. So instead of you saying, I'm going to get replaced, say, I can do now the work of 20 people, because I have access to these tools, and I can use them well. And I know how to refine them because I'm an expert in the space. So for me, it's not about just saying everyone gets gone and now it's an agent team. Moreso is a very collaborative approach with them. That's my internal view anyway, but I won't tell anyone else how to do their thing. But anyway. Now you do know and learn about your talk process. It's very clear. I think you've covered a few things that We've been working and I have to share with you, but you've covered that. There are a couple of things that you rightly pointed out at the end, right? At the end, there is always this paradox in terms of understanding, one, how good of a job your agents are doing and how much is that whole process affecting your human team in a positive way. And obviously, everybody's chasing higher productivity gain and more efficiency and lower cost and everything it's very difficult to gauge at this point of time because it is a lot of human in the loop in order to even increase that trust confidence from 60 to 80 percent it's a big step initially yeah you'll say 40-50 percent yeah agents are doing great work but that 50 to 60 jump will come after you've thoroughly reviewed what your agents are doing and slowly you develop more trust and this is a big hurdle that we have to cross together. It doesn't matter how good your agents are doing or as far as their churning code to develop that trust, it will take time. And I'm right now in my thought process trying to build that process of establishing trust. Yeah, you put your guard rails and you put your left and right, but ultimately it will show up in production and that is too late for us. Yes. So how much of a human involvement we need and what specific points, those are a few things that we are currently looking at. Quality is not I mean, it's no longer output driven, right? Quality is there in every different realm of SDLC. Quality of the stories that are created, quality of the code, not the bugs and all, but just the quality, testing, quality of testing, and quality of deployment, everything is understood to me in terms of quality umbrella. So in that way, my job is becoming tougher because I was just testing code. Now I'm being asked to test every single outcome of every single fix. To incorporate that together and then come up with a trust index and yeah look we are good 4.8 out of 5. How do you compute 4.8? I don't know. So yeah getting a year-round point in terms of different approaches you touched upon and those are all extremely critical. to solve. So one, you know, whether it's, you know, us helping or just advice is with agents and scoring. The best way, even whenever you're trying to think of like what an agent should do, because that's that's one of my favorite interview questions to ask people. So, you know, what, you know, how do you decide when to split into two agents? What's what's that trade-off period? What's that point? The answer is just like people. And that's the core, I think, for all of it. Even with scoring or evaluating AI, how do we as people look at other people, and how do we assess if I trust you to do this? And it's the same thing. If you take those ideas, put them in a bottle, and feed them to AI, or feed them to the system that governs AI. Because I'm 100% with you on the guardrails. It's a lot of hand waving, frankly. It's glorified rejects pattern matching, and maybe some AI to AI communication that helps it. But the reality is, as we go and look at each other, it's almost like this intuitive thing. I know this person, I assign them a task, I assign them every time on Friday. They say they'll have it done for me next Wednesday. It has never been done on next Wednesday. It's always the next week, maybe. Well, what would you give them in terms of our liability score? It's the same kind of question to ask an agent. The trick is to not let an agent ever assess itself. And it's also true to not have an agent assess another agent. They have this very oscillating behavior where they either go very, very, very overwhelmingly positive, everything's perfect all the time, or polar opposite, everything's awful all the time. It's not good. So having clear KPIs almost like you would for a person that are there for an agent to matter. And whenever you're talking about confidence and reliability, it's almost like a person too. And this isn't me saying, you know, let the agents do what they're going to do. But a lot of the times I've seen, you know, 99% of everything's perfect, and then that one mistake happens, and it's like, oh, the agent's awful. Technically, yes, but technically not, just like it was a person. What would we do if it was a person? Hopefully pull them aside and say, here's what happened, this. So what do we do in that for an agent? Well, we give them better instructions for the next time. We improve the tools. This is always an iterative process, always. There's no out-of-the-box solution. If I do it, if OpenAI does it, if Anthropic does it, there's no out-of-the-box solution. It's going to be 100% or even close, ready to go. But the trick is to evaluate them like you evaluate people. And if you can do that, then everything else gets a lot simpler. Because you can also say, this is the framework I'm using, not just for my agents, but across even humans. What is that baseline at one? What I always try to tell people is don't focus on the buzzword part of the outcome. Focus on the real business outcome that you want. So is your goal to get to 100% agentic QAQE? No. Your goal is to get to the velocity and the quality that you want. The rest is just secondary. If there was a magic rock that fell from space and said, oh, plug this into the process and everything works perfectly, it wouldn't even care about AI anymore. And so the thing is the outcome drives. Don't let the mechanism of the outcome drive what you want the outcome to be. So from a scoring perspective, for instance, how we do it, it's very, very simple. It goes like this. At first, humans have to be in the loop a lot. But humans, this is essentially reinforcement learning in a much simpler way. When we say confidence, all that really means is that the agent has done a good thing repeatedly, consistently, a number of times. And the human is given a green light for those number of times. We can set a threshold as to whatever you'd like. That means that the agent has some positive reinforcement to know that this is a good pattern, and it has reference to those patterns, so it's kind of how it can look back at its notes before it goes and approaches a new problem. Same works for negative direction. After that goes on, at a certain point, human doesn't need to be in the loop anymore. And the human only needs to come into the loop whenever that agent makes a mistake again to say, why was this? That's something that technically, yes, you could have an agent resolve within itself, but should you? Probably not, because it's not going to be able to course correct. They tend to simplify. They tend to go off-road. You still want a human expertise and insight to say, that wasn't right. Here's what we should be doing instead. That system feeds itself. So the confidence is not coming from some arbitrary number or the model is this confident. No, no, no. That's coming from a human being in the loop in the first part and then intermittently over time as issues come. Some people like to have more control, so they'll even have human, just like we would do if we were to fine-tuning a model, you'd have a human check that output periodically. It's actually a really good place for people to get in the loop. If we wonder what people will do in the agentic world, it's actually not a bad thing because you almost transition from a sous chef or a line chef to the master executive chef for the kitchen. You're walking around tasting everyone else's stuff. You're not actually cooking yourself. That's a good place to be. From the rest of it and scoring, I'll just have to go back to engineering on that, which is that you can't ever have perfection unless you have a lot of iterative testing. So with the genetic systems also, the more patient you are with them, as long as you're trending towards a good direction, it's always going to improve. But the framework has to be there in order to support that growth, or else it will kind of get capped out. If you ever see a cap forming, that's because of the framework, not because of the models. It's just like us with people. So that's always my take on it. Yeah, you're right. Absolutely right. One other big initiative that we're currently working is establishing a common knowledge base, which is something that every single function can work out. whether it's creating or translating business requirements and PRDs and boos, that becomes part of the knowledge base. The entire code repository, the entire test cases. Think about if the dev agent knows how the QE agent is going to test the code, then that expectation will be built into the development itself. The testing improves and vice versa. So that's one of the effort that we are working on, having a single source of knowledge that every agent can refer to. Yes. And learn from each other, basically. Because that's a mistake most people were doing, even as each one of our functions were working out of our own knowledge base, creating a separate knowledge. Yeah, we have this, you have that. But then we very... quickly realized that we are missing. We were capturing as part of QVH and we were capturing meeting minutes or white phone drawings, making it part of the knowledge base, while other agent had no clue about some discussion that happened. So the development was not based on the newly created design, but we were testing out of that design. So this all kind of came together saying, yeah, we need to share. Instead of sharing, we said, you'll create a column, a knowledge base. Let's see how things pan out, but a lot of things are evolving and evolving very fast. Yes. Definitely on the right track with that, for sure. Thanks for sharing on that thing. It's good to learn. Happy to do it. We're hoping that we can partner with you and take on something from that. These conversations are going to be... ongoing. Do you know, by the way, that Deepika filled her role for the agenda care role that she was looking at? She's having a couple of consultants that I know. Filled them or not, I don't know yet. I know. She was interviewing. Just before the holidays, we sent her people, honestly, the requirement for coming into the office because that was one thing that she wasn't, you know, she needed someone to be in the office. Once a week. Once a week. But yeah, we, I mean, finding somebody in 90 was just to send people, and I don't know, we did send a couple of people that just didn't pan out, but I don't know, we gave her the feedback on just the budget. I don't know if anything has changed, but... I think there's some fluctuation in 1995. There's some flexibility there. I'm working with HR because this is a more niche area and these rates are still based on legacy preservation of QE. Right. We just have to fill out rate cards so we know. I think she wanted RAG and a lot of AI, genetic AI tools. And we actually have pretty good screen people now, good to go. I know she was on PTO, so we try to reach out to her. I think we're in a better position to have more conversations since Colin's been, you know, our guru, our AI guru. We've got people offshore and offshore. And now for some of these roles that we've been working on for Mani's team, Guishi, Andrewology, right? Really fun day as well. We've had Colin involved in, as he's building out the practice, he's now, you know, doing the screening as well. well for us that's really helped us so you know near shore and offshore we've got them a very competitive rate so that's why I was asking if I'm pretty open in terms of seeking the right skill and then finding a good role and rate as opposed to especially these days as opposed to filling a role at this rate I'm open, hey, give me a good... if you're talking about just a resource, give me a good resource, I'll find the right role for that guy. You will, we do that, then people come back, we tell them, they're like, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I just told the picture in fact in my last touch field that, yeah, you may have two openings, and you may have five resumes, you may have like four people, but just tell me if somebody is a star, you'll find a good... So she had one, one was on site. Do you know if she's looking near shore or offshore? Or it's still... Look everywhere, anywhere. They just have to meet with her. Even on shore. That's possible. Yeah. We have a good pipeline now because also for Revi Pandey we found a purple squirrel he calls him. It was Colin's... Yeah, Colin wanted to hire him for his practice, but yeah. If Revi had his way he would just hire Colin. I would object to it. We do. We object to it. We need him right now. He's doing work for us, so yeah. In terms of your more outcome-based work, what is your North Star? What are you looking at? There is no North Star that you have to be on. There is no target that I'm trying to achieve. I'm taking it day by day. especially the five things that's changing. I mean, we just created our 2026 roadmap in December, which had some deliverables in Q1, Q2, Q3, everything that we were supposed to deliver in Q3, we were, we delivered it in March. Things are changing so rapidly, and my objectives for 2026 is already done, kind of. That's the next thing now. North Star, that definition of North Star is changing. Sorry, I can't answer your question, but it's not defined. It's a evolving target now. One of my favourite things with working with Ravi a little bit, and even with Andrea with Girishi, is, first of all, I'm very flattered with everything, but my superpower is I don't have to pick any more. That's the great part about being what they want. do both. You know, I can still do all of our pay one things, but we can also, you know, like I was saying, we can have some outcome-based work for you. If there's anywhere where you're looking to do something, get started with, even if it's small, even if it's just to test us out. We need to start somewhere. We'd love to. It's a fun thing for us because we get to talk to different parts of the organization. So even for me, you know, to be honest, before we started with so far, I had no clue. I know enough about, you know, I know in the mall, I walk, I see the store is beautiful. That's all I know. And then I came and I was like, oh my gosh, there's so much here. I had no clue. I just hadn't thought that way. So for me, it's really rewarding just to be a part of all this. So if there's anywhere we can get in and do some project for you, we'd love to. Definitely. I'd like to answer you in a very general sense. My north star would right now be stay ahead of the game and not be the roadblocker. from a testing perspective because I don't want to be in a situation where they say we're turning code left and right and testing is slow. I want to stay ahead of the whatever means. Outside of Deepika, I know the team as it stands right now who has the budget right now. Deepika is just handling the COE team. We are upscaling all teams. Oh speaking of upscaling too, that's another problem. So yeah, so that's another thing. We need talented people across the board, not just creating or working on the platform, which is from pure user perspective, how to use this technology to deliver business commitments. That is another aspect of it. You are not just creating agents. You have to be solid enough to be able to use an orchestrate between these agents to deliver the right outcome. I think that's just one part of it. But yeah, Ashweta, Lakshmi, Priyanka. And based on the project needs to, like the CDW project, I say it would be completely different. It's not going to be our existing credit card team doing it. Yeah, yeah. Things are forever changing. As we're building out these you know, pipelines of people. My job is just to find out where can we put them. So I know it's good to know that Deepika still has some opportunity there. But in the immediate, if there's any offshore and nearshore, anyone that I should talk to, let me know. I'm in touch with them in general, but just, you know. If they don't entertain, send me the resumes. Yeah. Like I said, I mean, I'll look for a talent and place them somewhere. What would stand out to you on a resume? It's the communication that we'll have. Anybody can create a catchy potato. A lot of these resumes, we've just started conversing and said, yeah, thank you. You can tell. Yeah Yeah, it's not good when there's only one column, you know what I mean? Yeah, so we'll do that then yeah We could just go ahead and turn and these are vetted by yes. I'm very picky but in a good way. And I'll say the same thing. I have the mindset I don't hire the resume. You can put anything on a resume. I've interviewed people from some way better schools than I went to and haven't picked them. And the reason why? You can tell. It's hard to encapsulate that, but you can tell. That's why I do the resumes or I do the interviews. It's kind of the last filter to stop that. Now, two things that we're going to be doing here coming up that might be of some interest. Number one is kind of an internal commitment. So one thing, even on my own internal team, everyone's an AI engineer. Two of my web developers are agentic AI specialists that now are Django people, for instance, because it's very easy for them. And I can teach them what they need to know about web dev. And then they can do this very quickly. And as long as they can iterate fast and are open to learning, it's a very good system. So one thing that will be coming for all the new hires is upscaling training. that'll come from us. So even if their role has nothing to do with AI, they're going to come in with those skills from the start. That's from anyone that comes from Bay 1 from a staffing perspective. Also, just because we've already gotten some requests for it, also going to think about doing actual real training, even not for Bay 1, even if this is something where there's teams that want to be upskilled. There's something that we're trying to do as a business model. And it's an interesting thing. I'm not the business model guy, but I have no idea guy for this to say, you know, what if instead of like a contract to hire situation? Because that's good. That's still still remains. What if it is a we incubate the person, they're working on your project for you, we incubate them while they're with us, we're teaching them what they need to know. They're still working. They're still getting everything done. But at the same time, they're learning and they're getting the tools and upskilling that they might need, or in some cases, maybe they already have that, but anything can be put on a resume. Anything can happen in an interview, even for me, you know, I could miss something. So it gives us a chance to work with that person and really see how they are in the wild, I like to say, before we push off to them. So both of those things, you know, one would be if there's, you know, even for existing team, if they want to get effective with the tools. We have a lot of fun with it. It's always something that's actually useful, you know, even for people here. He's just installed his code and I can't stop, like, playing with it. It's like a sickness a little bit. We can do this kind of upscaling trainings too, if that's of interest. Staying on the cutting edge is hard and it's even harder to say, like, what is real and what is just hype. Like, open-cloth. Great example. It fluctuates on a daily. Is this the biggest security risk known to mankind? Is this the next thing? Is NVIDIA sponsoring it now? What's happening? In reality, it doesn't really matter unless there's a business outcome tied to it. And if that happens, then people should care. But until that happens, ignore the noise, ignore the news, wait for that to mature a little bit, because it does need some maturing. It will happen quickly, but... Is it needed? Because otherwise, usually when I go to conferences, I see people in this almost manic state, they'll be like, should I move now? Or what if something happens tomorrow, should I move then? I'll wait for my model 2035 car next. I'm going down. But the good thing is we can help with that, because we have to stay on that cutting edge a bit. We can still share that knowledge across, still keep people up to date. So if there's new tools, we can vet them first. And once we know especially what's going on, we can say, ah, this is going to be perfect for them. We can try it out. There's a certain, even for us internally, there's a certain threshold that must be met for maturity of tool to be able to use it. I'm not a version 0.3 type. 1.0, I need this to have. crossed its path into this. So for us even staying on top of that too, we can help with that as well. So all of that is on the table for us, but at least anyone new that's coming in for Sephora will have some kind of training. From a location perspective, what I am foreseeing, especially if this app model is successful, The way it's structured, we will need people to work together as two or three member people. It will literally be locked in a room for the entire day. They have to be co-located. I'm primarily looking at various dependencies. It will either be onsite or it will be near shore. So there are two things, two facts, that is very true today. not upscaling at the same speed as the Airshore. So there may be opportunity, current opportunity on the offshore side. Looking into the near future, a lot more positions will probably move the Airshore and on-site, the Airshore to start with. Which means if you can find good talent in the Airshore, South America, Canada, et cetera, that may be an attractive problem, not just for me. across the board. And then I'm sure on-site presence will increase as well. But on-site is always a premium. We have 10, 11, QE leads here. All of them are SMEs. I mean, I don't have a lot of room to hire on-site. But if there is a star player, then I can argue. I need a shift signal. I need more people to write this. which is what Deepika is currently heading for as well. So again, going back to the same, if there is a star performer, you'll find the place for them. So Deepika came to you with a rate of 120 for somebody on site. Would you be able to prove that rate? I'll have to take it up to my voice. Okay. But if it is... Because I have people... If it has a value behind it, then yes. Okay. How do you feel about offshore talent that can overlap? I mean, we're finding some really great talent in Pune. Colin, you have talked to them. Yes. There is a hesitancy that I feel you're more sort of like, I mean, you're sure it's better, but there is massive cost savings there for you and good people. Absolutely. I'm very open to it. That is where I'm currently focused in upstating the talent because we have a majority of our workforce offshore. I'm talking about six months to a year from now. There may be more people transitioning from offshore to nearshore. especially if we are able to support and churn our commitments at speed and less cost. Maybe looking at converting to work, we offshore to one air, shore to one on-site, but bringing in presence more this side of the world. So another thing that's a little bit interesting. So I'm the weird guy in the room. I'm from Pennsylvania. There's definitely something. So there there is even onshore Bay Area especially California in general is way higher rate These I heard one of the rates and I always thought it was the wrong unit essentially and then I found out what the annual salary rate was Even for onshore roles if it's remote, there's people we've already found some there too that are going to be at like a near shore rate or even better sometimes depending upon where they are in the country that are remote. Generally speaking they're in Central or Eastern time but the Pacific time overlaps way easier because it's really just working an extra hour or two in the day. But they're good people and they can you know if you needed them you know it's just like how I'm here you know we fly in if we need to fly in. So it's not as big of a deal because you're not going from a different country or a different, you know, giant time zone. But if there's any openness to that, we have people for that too. Basically coming in the office, that's what I needed for key meetings. I mean, unless you are part of the leadership, then there are some important things that you are attending. The rest of it can be done virtually. It will be very rare, unless you have a picnic to go to together. They would like to come. They would like to come. Yes. Much like me. Like, I would love to be. It was much better than my Pennsylvania winter, so. But that's great. I'm open to all. We've got a pool for you that you should be busy. I know, I just need to get called in front of her because she'll be fine. What are your directions to her? Tell us those directions. Just so you know. For her, I have these limitations, right? You have this much punches, you are doing many roles, so she's working out of those requirements. The roles evolve three different times also. So then we understood why they're getting... Initially, it was called QE, AI and GB. Yeah. So as you put QE in the title, then you get QE as you made with AI buzzwords. Yeah, you can tell us. Oh, yeah, I've used AI in my previous job. Let's talk what I'm looking at. Then we changed it to automation engineer. We got some good people, actually. We were just talking to me and Rahul. There were a couple of people, Sintosh and Raghav. I'm not sure. I was thinking, I'm a wonderful, thin person. We got ourselves into a little bit of an awkward situation between Ravi and Colin, because there was one person, Colin had just utterly mentioned. I was going to fight him. Yeah. We actually get hired him. He's on our payroll. Yeah. I told Ravi, I said, if you don't get him, I'm taking him. We're going to take him. Did you take him? No. I think they just didn't. Did he really? Yeah. Is he close? Oh, that's exciting. I'm happy and sad. Are you going? Yeah. Just like five minutes back. This is wild. I am sorry. But yeah, we do have some couple of onshore people here in the area who bought one of the girl work for us previously. and a couple of other people who scream by calling, very highly recommended. I can send them to you in the next few months. This is not a regular screen, this is not your hacker ink, this is just, I don't know what this is, but this screening is like your end all be all. They've got to survive an hour with me on a call. No, I've been on Anushree's screening. I think she got more out of the interview than she did. Because he was giving her, she should go here. She's giving more interviews than the actual jobs. She'll here go to this thing. She largely, in my experience, whenever I'm taking an interview, it's all based on your intuition. You like the guy, you don't like the guy. It's not a matter of... Whether they are able to solve the problem, they write that process tells you a lot. Yeah, exactly. So I always put them on the whiteboard. Simple problem. It's actually nothing related to Java or anything. I'm not testing that. This is a common problem. Tell me what you're thinking. That's it. Yeah, yeah. I don't care whether you solve it or not. You give it to chat. You can give you the solution. I just want your mental attitude, attitude. You are relating to your problem. That's all. So when you match with that kind of a person, then it's just talking to them. Maybe you're teaching them. To be able to screen that mindset, you need a like-minded person to be able to do that level of screening. That's why it's tough. The good thing is, like you said, you can tell when you're talking to someone. I always like to ask people, why are manhole covers round? That's a great question. Why, what covers? It's a completely silly question. Manholes. Yeah, no, no, no. We're good. No, no, it's okay. He was kicking us out anyway. If you're asking them, yeah, I'll tell them both. I think you don't have it either. Thank you, it was great to meet you