[00:01:06] Amit Grover: Hello.

[00:01:10] Pratik Sharda: Morning there.

[00:01:12] Amit Grover: Good morning, Sir. Are you?

[00:01:13] Pratik Sharda: All good. All good.

[00:01:19] Amit Grover: Hey, Colin.

[00:01:22] Colin Moore: It. Hey, everyone. Good morning.

[00:01:25] Anuj Sehgal: Good morning. Have my day.

[00:01:26] Amit Grover: Good.

[00:01:29] Pratik Sharda: Happy Monday. Alrighty. So just wanted to quickly sync up on what we spoke about in today's meeting, how and what basically the flow is going to be. We Colin, are we presenting anything? Did we decide upon if we present anything or simply just ask?

[00:01:32] Colin Moore: Yeah.

[00:01:49] Pratik Sharda: Ask them to talk about the technical discovery.

[00:01:52] Colin Moore: Yes. So, so my my initial plan for this just kind of off the cuff here is not really presenting so much as asking those questions. And I think because we're going to have another dedicated technical discovery, this is really a way for us to get two things straight, which is one is kind of the scoping. And two is also understanding you know what's been tried before and what specifically does a POC look like for them. Those are the two big question marks that that remain. So like for instance you know the last time we we asked the question of. Pick an application. We asked Mikhail and Brad, pick an application and then Mikhail said, oh, that's too technical, which doesn't make much sense to me, but whatever. Today we can get that application named so we'd know what our kind of entry point starting point is for a POC. And the second part of it is, you know, take advantage of, you know, the technical team to understand the background, you know what was tried before, you know specifically what does success look like to you. So those things like we can all have, you know, just like the docs that I had prepared for Mikhail that we had sent. I can pull those up throughout the conversation as just talking points, things to show people in case it stalls out because it can stall out. But it's also possible that you know their site is going to be very forthcoming. So without knowing, I'll have that ready to go. It's already made. That's what we shared with them initially. Um, but maybe start out recap the the. The prior conversation, understand what the role of this new person is in the in the meeting and then try to get them to pick out one application that is high impact that's a good starting point and then go from there as to why it wasn't successful.

[00:03:40] Pratik Sharda: Hi. But I think we should have a outline like do you have this in like exactly what you're saying, right? We should have that in writing. So in case they detract or anything, we have to bring them back because I agree with the fact like we need to know what they have to choose a few things and also just keeping them on track, right? Because they do tend to. Just go and we have already had a couple of meetings, like 3 meetings on this point, so keep it to the minimum, yeah. Cortana.

[00:04:08] Colin Moore: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I can share the outline I already had, but otherwise, you know, that's, we have four people on this call. So I'm, I'm sure between the four of us we can create something.

[00:04:22] Pratik Sharda: Sure. Do you want to come up with a draft or something right now or?

[00:04:23] Colin Moore: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, like, that's kind of where I'm at. Like if if I'm just gonna do it, then I can just do it. But if other people are gonna do it, then, you know, I I I don't, I don't really know what to what to say in this one.

[00:04:37] Amit Grover: Super.

[00:04:41] Pratik Sharda: Sure, no worries. What I'll do is I'll have five points at least written in front of me, not to showcase to them. What I was thinking is, should we let them know the agenda or because what you're suggesting is between us, right? What I was thinking, should we show it to them or just keep it to us? Yeah.

[00:04:41] Amit Grover: So uh.

[00:04:59] Colin Moore: I see. I see.

[00:04:59] Pratik Sharda: That is my thought. I was unsure.

[00:05:02] Colin Moore: I see.

[00:05:03] Amit Grover: So I think we can keep it for us for now, Pratik. And you know, of course based on that we can start the discussion and maybe at some point in time if if it starts digressing, then we can maybe flash it, right? That this is what we are planning to do. I don't know, maybe we can do it right at the, I mean at the at the start of the meeting also. I mean, we, uh, I think we should call out what we're expecting from this. Uh. I mean, whatever, maybe the scope or application or technical details that we are wanting to know. I mean, let's let's assume that if we have to move ahead with this, right, then what should we have with us? I mean, assuming that they say, OK, go ahead, you know, with the process, then what is it that we would want to have? Should we, should we have an outline of that? I mean, I'm just thinking it out, you know, while while we're talking. So while I think Colin, he has that document prepared, you know, last time that we shared with them. Of course we can use that as a baseline, but on top of that, let's say. If we again, my saying it one more time that I'm I'm just trying to think it out that if they say OK, go ahead, you know, assuming that you wanna go ahead with the process. Mm-hmm. Then what? What would we want to know from them? I mean, that's how I am looking at it.

[00:06:45] Colin Moore: Right, right. So I I shared it on chat the the doc that I had put together for them the last time which has exactly that. Now the organization can change a little bit for sure, but it's still the same exact high level things like because we have essentially 2 two types of stakeholders in the room. We've got the technical side now finally and we have the business. Business needs to tell us what their goals are here because yes, we understand the use case, but they still have yet to identify a specific application that has to come from someone like Michaela Brad. Then the technical team, those are the people that will answer the questions after we have that established. You know, what did you try before? What does success look like to you? You know, essentially you know what give us, you know, other than saying like, oh, we have to do redaction identification. Now we can dig into exactly what that means. That's that's the the thought process here for for me. So we have to get the business to pick what they want to do. They can't just say, oh, redaction in general. Or you know the worst case for me is the POC. They come back and say oh just you know do a POC where you can detect stuff and we'll feed it documents and see if it works. You know that's that's a non non starter non project. So they need to give us like kind of a specific business case. Here from the business side, you know that's going to matter to them and it can be the same one that they tried before too.

[00:08:09] Pratik Sharda: So. So what I'm also thinking of Colin is what they have always been talking about is we need you to be our true consulting partner. So in a sense what they also want to hear is what which one should they be looking at. So not only discovering what their current. Technical like setup is but also to discover as we go with them. So basically what I'm saying is they would want to Brad for example would want to hear from us from day one that which one should be targeting first. So is that something we can come up with? Do you have something in mind that we could recommend?

[00:08:47] Colin Moore: No, no, I don't.

[00:08:48] Pratik Sharda: And then we have to be wide. OK, all right.

[00:08:51] Colin Moore: But but like say this is the problem like this is exactly what I was trying to say last time. They'd have not yet given a specific application that they do internally. They gave a generic extremely 50,000 foot view of a class of application. But that's the information they either need to provide to us or we need to go to them. We can't. There's no possible way for us to, you know, know what they do internally without them telling us in some way, shape or form.

[00:09:12] Pratik Sharda: Sure.

[00:09:20] Colin Moore: Like I like right now, even they said, you know, like even the diagram they drew on the board. Oh, knowledge enablement. Yeah, but like, what is it doing? What? What knowledge are you enabling? What is the purpose of that app? What apps do you have? They just said we have a bunch. I can't do anything with that.

[00:09:20] Pratik Sharda: So.

[00:09:21] Amit Grover: People.

[00:09:36] Pratik Sharda: Sure. So I think what we can talk about and again I want again my particular thought processes, we should be guiding them a little bit because I've heard that quite a bit from them and whatever we need to guide for example this. Thought around what are all of these applications doing. Even Mikael can talk about it since he's the product guy, but we can tell them clearly and articulated clearly today that hey, we want to know a little more, even though they might want that, hey, we should already know about it. We've been working with them for 2-3 years, right? However, the idea is if they can. We can at least talk about the technical aspects of these applications around generative AI, specifically around generative AI, right? We'll say we we don't want to go into or do you need to know, Colin, about their overall functions and what all of these apps do? Do you want to know of each of those things as well?

[00:10:30] Colin Moore: Well, like if we want it to be like, let's say like this if so if we if they want us to be like a partner where we can tell them you know here's the recommended entry point, we are going to need an inventory like that. There's no way to be that type of partner without you know having a good grasp of what they're.

[00:10:31] Pratik Sharda: 8.

[00:10:48] Colin Moore: Reality looks like, you know, and if they if that's too technical, like how Mikhail the last time in the last meeting I said, you know, just tell me about one. And he said, oh, that's too technical. And I'm like, it's not, it's, you know, like almost like saying we use Salesforce, like it's the same. So if they want to, the more information we can get on that, the better. If they want us to be that type of a partner, that might take some time. It might be a lot for them. So in the short term, if they can just call out an application where they want and even just like I said, use the, you know what Accenture tried to do as a starting point. That gives them a clear kind of measuring stick. But I think the problem is for them is they, I know we've worked with them for a while. I have not. So I don't have anything more than just the last meeting with them and what we've talked about internally. So if they want us to be, you know, kind of their consultant partner, they need to, you know, kind of open the gates to us. They're gonna have to, you know, do that in a kind of a more formal fashion. They can't just say that, you know, we have a bunch of stuff in the call and here's the 22nd overview of it. But yeah, so it has to be one of the two. It has to be either give us the catalog of what you guys are doing and we can take a look and help you. Uh, make sense of it or give us a specific case where you're going to decide that this is impactful on your end that we can use if if that catalog is too overwhelming.

[00:12:08] Pratik Sharda: If you can go slightly up, Colin on the three points, right. So I think what I wanted to call out was clearly this items are essential scoping initial proof of concept can be answered. Do we have these listed already?

[00:12:24] Colin Moore: For for those things that I just said.

[00:12:28] Amit Grover: No, no. So actually I'm, I'm sharing, I'm sharing on the screen. That's what he's looking at the calling. So yeah, so these are the three items that have been, but yeah, go ahead. So I'm, I'm sharing.

[00:12:29] Pratik Sharda: Yeah, so basically what I'm. No, what I was thinking is if we can add on the top, if you can go a little higher, Amit, I idea is to for today's call to clearly give them like 3 what outcomes we're looking from today's call, right. One is to understand the essentials of scoping, yeah.

[00:12:53] Amit Grover: No, so, so Pratik, one second, one second. So see this is what Colin is looking for. OK, identify for example one application that's the priority one. OK, So what we are asking for is described it in here.

[00:13:04] Pratik Sharda: Correct that that is there. That is one item.

[00:13:10] Amit Grover: Then I mean the things related to that. Second is the, you know, technical context wherein I think he had called out once again.

[00:13:22] Pratik Sharda: Where we talked about what did not work, why it is not, what is the right outcome? What is the wrong outcome? I I have gone. We've gone through that. Yeah, yeah.

[00:13:27] Amit Grover: Yeah, for example, you know this model architectures, training data, testing methodology, these are the things that we need from them, right? Infrastructure and systems. So I think these things are listed here.

[00:13:34] Pratik Sharda: Yeah. Yeah.

[00:13:42] Amit Grover: I mean, maybe we can use this. These are the three items. Mm-hmm.

[00:13:49] Pratik Sharda: So that's what I was saying. So this is what we can use to it, but we want. I was thinking of starting with the call out and dive right into it because we have limited time, hour and a half and it it it may take a little longer and I want to really move. We have already spent like 3-4 meetings now on this, right? So by this time the goal is we should bring the cost aspect and Anuj, I I wanted to understand from you, what do you think? I feel we should talk about the cost today as well and not keep investing in it without. So there has to be some cost to the pilot that we're trying to do, right? We're not going to do pilot for free. Also, I feel like we should have that expectation set today after the discovery. And Colin, please share your thoughts. Should we bring that up today or do you think it's still too early to bring? A cost or an estimate by even the end of the call.

[00:14:41] Colin Moore: So, so I if if you wanted to, So what we were doing for Cisco Sephora that was working. This is the same way I used to do it at Coherent as well. So save the. So basically what you can ask them just to give them kind of get the gears turning and not really expecting an answer is.

[00:14:48] Pratik Sharda: Uh huh. OK.

[00:15:00] Colin Moore: Like, what is this worth to you? And it doesn't have to be the POC itself because POC will happen at some cost. But you know what? What is this? Like, what is the actual business value to you? Because we're going to need to scope this at some point and guarantee they're going to come back with, I don't know.

[00:15:05] Pratik Sharda: OK.

[00:15:17] Colin Moore: Or, you know, you guys give us a number and we'll let you know. If they come back with that, that's good because that means that they're not looking at other vendors in a serious way. They haven't already started thinking about this. They don't have a price point. But really like what's the you could ask questions like, you know, what's the budgeted target for a project like this, you know? It's it's us asking what's the business value? What's this worth to you internally? Avoid though. Avoid though saying like a flat number for a POC until the POC is well defined. So like for instance, even with Cisco, I will say the biggest mistake that we made and I probably news you, you may has probably talked to you about this. For, for instance, the CICD project, we had no idea. We didn't even do proper discovery. And yet we threw out a number for a budget without even really understanding what the problem was. Which is why, you know, now we have to kind of go and do more homework because. It wasn't done the right way, just frankly. And I think for this, if we can say, you know, OK, we'll come back to you with this information today. Here's our scope for the POC. Let me know if you want to proceed forward. We're ready to go on this immediate. And also, by the way, here's what a fuller scope would look like too, because. This POC we can do if it's like actually going to get us some reasonable money, but even after the POC, if they can't afford it or you know they're not willing to pay for it, if everything does work, what's the point of doing a POC? You know, we can find $5000 somewhere else, so. My My thing is if we you wait until you have all the information about the scoping, you can avoid giving actual numbers. Just sound responsive on it, but save the actual, you know, price point discussion provided by us until we have the full details today. That is a good thing, but again, just my personal take. I don't have to be right so.

[00:17:09] Amit Grover: Yeah. No, I think I agree. I mean, until we have the scope carved out, yeah, we can talk about that. This will be a paid POC, but in terms of numbers, we don't have to give it today.

[00:17:21] Colin Moore: We we can say like how I did for Safar, like the complexity of this is pending the amount of information and the speed at which we get that from your team. Any scoping that we do is going to be based upon that information. So you know, the more information you share with us, the quicker we can get you a quote, the quicker we can get started. It's a good motivator, uh, for them.

[00:17:41] Anuj Sehgal: I I agree Pat, because we don't have the clarity on what they really want and like the business objective is not defined. So it's gonna be difficult to sort of layout a pricing right there and then, right. I mean we will have to come back and do resource planning and you know, scoping it out and all of that. So I think right off the bat today, I think that might be difficult.

[00:17:41] Colin Moore: Yep.

[00:18:01] Anuj Sehgal: But in my opinion, I think a win is if we get, you know, very clear clarity on what the basic ask is, right and how, what do they want us to work on. I think that would be a big win today if we can get there and also obviously get to a point where we understand what have they tried, you know, where have they failed and what's not working for them, I think. Those two would be too big, big buckets in my mind.

[00:18:27] Colin Moore: Yeah.

[00:18:30] Amit Grover: OK.

[00:18:31] Pratik Sharda: So Colin, you want to drive the call or do you want me to drive the meeting or because obviously we are Amit, me and Anuj we are going to be in person, but we want to make sure that you are satisfied from all angles. My ultimate customer is not Brad or Mikhail or Daniel today, it's you.

[00:18:44] Colin Moore: So I mean.

[00:18:48] Pratik Sharda: For me, I want you to be fully satisfied, clear with what we're looking at. So my goal for the call today and meeting is that you should come out. OK, team, we're gonna do this. This is what our outlook for 2627 is. This is what the scope. So anything we need, I'm with you on that. So whatever is required, I'm yeah.

[00:19:10] Colin Moore: I mean, I I really appreciate, but honestly, however, the last one ran, that was perfect for me. I mean, that was exactly what I wanted. You know, the problem with me being remote is that like, like, you know, obviously, you know, there's the lack of, you know, that in person expressionism.

[00:19:18] Pratik Sharda: OK.

[00:19:27] Colin Moore: What went really well in my opinion the last time was, you know, whenever I asked a question and didn't really get a good answer, maybe it got forgotten or you know, maybe it wasn't phrased right on my end. You know, you you jumped in and you know, we're kind of the second person there and that was perfect. If we do that again, I will be totally happy. Um, you know I.

[00:19:46] Pratik Sharda: No, I'm with you on that. I will continue to do that today also. Yeah, because as I said, like last time also I wanted you to be fully like aware on whatever is required and get everything answered. And again, Golan, because I know for sure these guys are not as aware, hence they're in that situation, right. So you are the subject matter expert in the room. I wanna make sure you are progressing in the right direction with the kind of solution that they may need and that's why whatever is required to answer, I'll make sure that I'm following your like thought process and checking in case they're dropping that ball. Yeah, so I'll continue on that.

[00:20:21] Colin Moore: Yeah, that'll be good. And I I think from even even for this the because there's a matter of the like the scope and what what success looks like to them even for a POC. Because if if you remember from the last call like Mikhail, his litmus test was like. I gave, I gave this system I I think you said like 9 documents and seven of them that had IP there failed to get detected. Like that was that was it. The problem is with something like that that sounds and quite quite much is simple.

[00:20:45] Pratik Sharda: Yeah.

[00:20:53] Colin Moore: Um, but the trick is what documents? What IP? What information was available prior, you know?

[00:20:57] Pratik Sharda: Yes, the plus there litmus itself was very I think vague that oh from 2% we want it down like from 40% before it down. So even that I was taken aback like how can you look at such a drastic number as the outcome so and always from 40% to maybe 35 and 32 minority can do it. But it's much more complex than that. So. So I agree. So that's why maybe Mikhail was not very clear. I'm hoping Daniel might know a little more, but knowing Daniel already, I don't have a lot of high hopes there as well. The idea is whatever we can do.

[00:21:19] Colin Moore: Right.

[00:21:32] Pratik Sharda: To really have them share as much as possible is what we're gonna try and do with today, yeah.

[00:21:38] Colin Moore: Yes. And actually it's, it's in our favor. I mean, so if if it turns out that like Daniel who's getting brought on, um, correct me if I'm wrong here, but he's getting brought on as like the technical counterpart, right?

[00:21:49] Pratik Sharda: He is the engineering lead, so he's the technical counterpart. Absolutely, yeah.

[00:21:51] Amit Grover: Yeah.

[00:21:51] Colin Moore: OK, so so if he's not very good, then that kind of leaves it open season for us. Once we have a grasp of like what kind of value this brings to them, we have now an open season to say, here's how much this cost. And by the way, you can't even tell me I'm wrong because you don't even know enough to tell me. You know, same thing with Cisco. You know, there's a new project that came that I I quoted 500K for and they came back and said we want it done for at 200. And I said cool. No thanks. Bye. See ya. Have a nice day. You know, go find someone that'll do this in a reasonably good way for 200 Ki dare you.

[00:22:24] Amit Grover: You.

[00:22:28] Colin Moore: And then we get a call back from them and they say, OK, as it turns out, you actually know the problem and understand it and therefore 500K sounds good. It actually should be higher and you guys are doing us a favor. So it's it's actually a good thing if we can understand their technical understanding and capabilities cuz that'll help us to scope and.

[00:22:29] Pratik Sharda: Yeah.

[00:22:48] Colin Moore: Also tell us where we need to explain the cost the most to them, so it's actually a good thing.

[00:22:52] Pratik Sharda: One of the things, yeah, on the same note, Colin, the idea is not open season kind of. We are not really looking to get as much from them, but also bring the long term value, right, because we are trying to develop a deeper relationship with that. However, what I'll tell you another key aspect that if you. Can. That Anuju or Amit, we can bring up in the conversation is to empower this team, right? So this team, CSBG is the business team who has the actual money and interact with the customer. The IT and engineering team, which is the information system team, they're actually not. They are the core engineering technical, but they are not in a very. Good terms because there's a new CIO and all of that. So what we need to do at any point today, try to empower these guys. So in whichever way you think would be right, I'll try to see an opportunity to bring it then we are with you. So think of us as your technical.

[00:23:35] Colin Moore: Uh.

[00:23:48] Pratik Sharda: Empowerment, right? Because you are currently depending on the GIS, which is the engineering side with with the CIO and all, they're not getting along well, right? Hence they're actually trying to do this internally with this team and which is the which is the part that we really want to do as well, right? We want to empower them and give them the confidence that work with us.

[00:23:56] Colin Moore: I see.

[00:24:07] Pratik Sharda: You don't need to spend that money with GIS because whatever we are not gonna take, they're actually getting that done from the GIS team. So the idea is to tell them like we'll do it for you. You don't need to go to anyone else.

[00:24:19] Colin Moore: Right, right. Yeah, yeah, absolutely.

[00:24:20] Pratik Sharda: Are you with me? Yeah. So I think calling that out itself would make a big difference. Amit and again wanting to see if you agree with me and Anuj, you're on the same page, right? Wherever we find an opportunity, we should all individually highlight that that, hey, we are your technical partners. We are very like good and very aware of this technical acumen and I. The idea is to enable you and the team to fill that gap which you're not able to find from your internal partners, engineering partners because that team, Colin, just so that you know, is not a big fan of us. They're going with their own, the new CRO is going with their own set of vendors and partners and we are actually, we are losing business there. So rather than it's time for us to capture directly and the funding is happening for this team. So Brad is actually funding all of that and he has called it out that I am funding for those guys. So if they're not going to go with us, we'll directly get the funding from these guys and AI and data and all of that. So the essence is.

[00:25:07] Amit Grover: Yeah.

[00:25:17] Pratik Sharda: He should be confident that we can bring him value and results in the right so he doesn't even need to go to the technical team and he can create either contracting, subcontracting or even direct for them. We'll be able to help him out. We understand that scope. So I think that's also another point of view I was thinking on. So thoughts Anuj and Amit.

[00:25:33] Colin Moore: Mhm.

[00:25:36] Amit Grover: Yeah, no, I agree. Actually, I think this is the source, right, which is from where the funding is flowing to other teams. So if you're able to tap it right here, I think that'll be a good thing to happen. So yeah, I think of and and all the TBIs, UBIs are here. I mean not TBIs, but EV, OK, all.

[00:25:42] Pratik Sharda: Direct. EBI. Yeah. Economic. The main EBI is Brad and the team, yeah.

[00:25:55] Amit Grover: Even even even, yeah, Ebis and even the TBI is also the same. So yeah, no, I agree actually.

[00:26:02] Colin Moore: Yeah.

[00:26:04] Anuj Sehgal: But that I think the biggest help, you know, knowing the ecosystem, you know fairly well now I think the biggest help that we can provide Colin is to keep them on track one and not let them be very generic and all over the place. So you know.

[00:26:22] Amit Grover: Oh.

[00:26:23] Anuj Sehgal: Why don't you show us? Why don't you tell us? You know, those kind of things. We have to, you know, catch hold of them and say, you know, this is what it is that Colin needs. Otherwise, you know, how do we come back and help you, right? I think that's gonna be our biggest challenge today. If we can keep that on point, I think we're supporting Colin well.

[00:26:40] Colin Moore: Yes, that was and and even like you you saw like how Mikhail responded to me at the end of the last one and I know I keep going back to this, but it's a it's such an easy thing but definitely could be helped like just being specific like what application are you doing? What does it do? Like, you know, tell me about, especially if you're an engineering lead and Mikhail frankly should have been able to do it. But if you're an engineering lead, tell me what your application does. You know, tell me what audience it has. Tell me what data it uses. You know, it doesn't have to be super in the weeds like code level lines, but. Just give me the picture of what this does so that I can understand enough that we can take some action. And you know, in terms of the IT alignment, that's good. That's a really good thing because you know what a lot of people forget is that IT is not ever a revenue generating part of a business unless you work somewhere where IT services is. Their, you know, is their model. But in a company like Lam, IT has no revenue generation whatsoever. So they're always gonna do things the cheapest way, the quickest way, and usually the least quality way. And then IT people also like to say, you know, buzz off engineering. You know, that's that's my job. I'll worry about systems and I'll throw out all these crazy words about reliability and everything. But the engineering team feels like they have a partner that can bridge that gap. That's very valuable too. So, you know, give them that capability back, give them power. But also, you know, let them know we can bridge that gap with your IT teams as well. You know you want to be there long term, you know, get get in with both teams and now you've got a a good, good buddy. Generally speaking, the CIO does not actually dislike day one or what we're doing. They dislike shadow IT. Which is hook, line and sinker what Brad's doing. So that if we can get that out and say, look, yeah, we can still do this project, but we'll do it in a way that your IT department's not going to have their head explode when they see. Then that'll make both people happy and that'll be a good partner to them. Very long time person. Not a lot of vendors can do that, so I'm I'm sure we can help them get there.

[00:28:49] Pratik Sharda: Sure, no. In fact, Colin, what is happening is unfortunately the new the CIO just came in last year and there was already a transition that happened because of a failure of a big technical initiative, which was the digital transformation that was there, right. And this new guy has come in.

[00:28:50] Amit Grover: OK.

[00:29:04] Colin Moore: Mhm.

[00:29:06] Pratik Sharda: And he is coming with a few select partners that they worked on earlier. So unfortunately that is like here I would have felt the same like that's not the usual CIO, but in this case they only want to work with a select few and that rationalization that is happening. We are obviously part of that change that is happening and we are.

[00:29:09] Colin Moore: I see.

[00:29:25] Pratik Sharda: Taking a brunt on that, right. But at the same time, luckily for us and thankfully we were able to carve this business unit, the relationship in this team, right, which is the EBI's. So again idea is we, I'm still trying to make it work with that CIO, that like team and group, but while we do.

[00:29:26] Colin Moore: Nice.

[00:29:45] Pratik Sharda: That I feel this exact conversation we are having should make a difference that they know, OK, they have an alternate. Even if they don't want to work with their IT, they can spend a lot of money with us or other players and enable it themselves rather than going to the IT, right? So, so exactly on that part. But yeah, however, we can put it to play like we wanted to highlight to them that they have a good technical capable partner with them with a good ability that we can do in generative AI or others and it should not come that we are just trying to. Be another partner and that's what they've liked. We are not only after the opportunity. What the EBI in this case, Brad has multiple times told me there is enough work and opportunity. All he wants to see is who is really capable of taking that work up for him. So we should just. Go with that school of thought. OK, we are not worrying about how much opportunity we'll get, but we're worrying about how we can keep adding that value and delivering on your opportunities. All right. So I think that being said, so we are all four of us are on the same page. I think we have a good outline on what we need to do today. The to paraphrase it, the idea is we're going to run it together again. Colin, I'll let you lead it largely and then I'll continue to be like backing you in whenever I see if it's going anywhere. And then outcome we're looking from today's meeting is that we have much clearer understanding of what the POC would be and moving towards a clear idea of which application they want to do, how and what it would take without giving them any numbers or anything. And the next step we would want to propose is if we see any gap remaining. Maybe one more conversation and if not, at least we can come up with a with a proposal. Is that OK to do proposal in a timeline?

[00:31:31] Colin Moore: Mhm. Yeah, yeah. As as long as they give us the the needed information today and like like as long as they can be. And when I say specific, I don't mean like they have to tell us like exact exact methodology. But like for instance, you know, like Mikhail, the last time he'd said, Oh yeah, things need redacted.

[00:31:33] Pratik Sharda: OK. Sure.

[00:31:50] Colin Moore: Well, what things? You know, like give me, give me some goal posts here, tell me what the rules of the game are so I can play. If we have that, we'll be able to scope and especially to know like, you know, from the technical side, what they've tried is going to give us part of that answer. Even if they don't articulate, we'll be able to say like. Tell us you know where you're at right now and like what what this looks like for you. What we just don't want to do with them is like, I'll call it like the what they did before is like the intern projects where they say, OK, given a document, can you run it through a program and show me that it's, you know, identified? That's the worst possible outcome for today. So, so if they can be specific and give a the business case and you know, here's what one of our existing applications today does. Here's the data sources that feed it. Here's the users that interact with it. We're in good shape.

[00:32:29] Pratik Sharda: Yeah. Sure. And if you can also give them some direction in terms of because what I heard last time, right, was that they had no idea. They thought like this tagging and hashing and all of that is way simpler. Like just one person with 1000 hours, 2000 hours, that kind of thing can happen. I don't think that's.

[00:32:41] Colin Moore: Yeah.

[00:33:00] Pratik Sharda: It's even nearly close on what the reality is. So I think if we can set that expectation as well and knowing what I basically understand and I I could be wrong as well. So the idea is if you can give them some guidance and break some of their notions that that is now how it is, it is a lot more and give them some actual. Like examples of hypothetical examples that OK, if in the real world this is how it is done and this is how much how man hours on an average are taken. So yeah, if you can look up anything between now and then and if you know of that, that's even better, right? Out of your experience, yeah.

[00:33:34] Colin Moore: Yeah, of course, of course. And they'll get a sense. What what I'll do is I'll be careful. I'll put it this way. I'm the tactic I try to go with is it's easy for me, it's not easy for you. So like even for that, I'm like, yeah, if you know what tools to use, if you know this and that and I'll, I'll give them just enough information that they feel.

[00:33:37] Pratik Sharda: OK. Yeah.

[00:33:54] Colin Moore: Like, oh, ha ha, I could try this myself and then they're going to try and it's not gonna work. So you know, that's that's the tactic.

[00:33:59] Pratik Sharda: Good. Even a bigger one, right? Yeah, even a bigger one. I'll tell you even to give them, for example, Open AI and Tropic or like Google and Meta. So if you give them Alphabet and these four examples, the kind of money they're putting in, we're talking billions here and they're thinking 1000 hour for tagging. To give a reality check at what you're thinking of is and it's and no major their data is anything less than. They have a lot of data. They were talking about terabytes, right? So to have the right like tagging, they're thinking, OK, maybe 1%, six months, it's gonna happen. They need to realize that's not at all close to what the. Reality is they have no idea what the budgets of Anthropic or Open AI or Alphabet or even better. I know these guys, they have billions flowing just on tagging itself. That's where the scale dot AI is there, right? So they need to maybe know a little bit about how that today.

[00:34:52] Colin Moore: Right.

[00:34:54] Pratik Sharda: You can give them a quick glimpse without giving anything out. Yeah, as generic as possible. All right. I think we're we're pretty good. I feel. Yeah, go ahead, please.

[00:34:57] Colin Moore: Right, right, right, right. And yeah. Oh, no, no, I'm I'm all good. I'm all good.

[00:35:05] Pratik Sharda: OK. So any anything else? Anything we might have missed? Amit Sir Anuj, anything?

[00:35:13] Amit Grover: No, we're good, I think.

[00:35:14] Anuj Sehgal: All good. Yep.

[00:35:16] Pratik Sharda: OK. So we are on the same page. So let's leave around 12:30 and we can be there. And then, yeah, and we'll call. I'm, I'm here. I'm, I'm in the parking. I'm just coming up. Yeah.

[00:35:25] Amit Grover: You will be in office, Jadeep. OK.

[00:35:31] Colin Moore: And Pratik, what what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take that doc the the same one I meant that we were looking at earlier in the call and I'm just gonna clean it up a bit so that it like you said it's more guided for today, but it'll it'll be mostly the same content, just organized in a more digestible way for today.

[00:35:32] Pratik Sharda: Alrighty. Yes, yes, yes. Excellent. Excellent. Perfect, Colin. That's what I was thinking of. In fact, if you can compress it in slide one and two, like today we can show this is what you guys went through. This was was a recap and this is what we're looking for today, exactly what your thought is. So I was thinking on the same that we'll start with two point so they know what the goal post is today and we'll steer it in that, yeah.

[00:36:05] Colin Moore: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And what we'll phrase it as is like, these are like like icebreaker slides. It's not like we're we're we're not presenting to you for an hour and a half. It's, you know, we're using these to kind of set the stage and then, you know, you guys are really the the talkers today. We're the askers and listeners. Yeah, that'll be good.

[00:36:14] Pratik Sharda: Correct. Yeah. Sounds good. You're on the same page. I think this would help this too, as you exactly said. I think this would now clear everything, give them the context and then we'll dive right into it, yeah.

[00:36:31] Colin Moore: Yeah. All right, yeah, let's go get some, get some wins.

[00:36:41] Pratik Sharda: Sounds good. We'll see you. Yeah, hopefully, fingers crossed. I am feeling positive about it. I feel they have a genuine problem statement. I feel we have a good opportunity. And again, the goal is the long-term set up with them. The goal is not to just get this small rate, as I said, 262728, that kind of a partnership. Brad, like the EBI, TBI and the like all the members today, right? They should feel really, really empowered with us and choose for other conversation because I'm very sure this is not the only case they're looking at. I already know if they're doing a lot more things. The perception has to continue to shift as a stronger technical solutions partner. So I think that's what I'm also looking at from this.

[00:37:25] Colin Moore: Mhm.

[00:37:25] Pratik Sharda: Alrighty, we'll see you. I'll I'll ping you Colin 5 minutes earlier, try to get you on that so that in case we need to set up that teams room there. They usually have a very good like setup is pretty well so should not have an issue but this I think this link should work the one that you already have. The invite.

[00:37:42] Colin Moore: OK. Oh, one very last thing. Who are you the organizer for the meeting?

[00:37:46] Pratik Sharda: Uh huh. I think it's gonna be not Jesse, but Renee is the one. So like, yeah, on behalf of Brad, it's Renee. So in case you need something, let me know. I'll ask her to add your like change anything that we need.

[00:37:51] Anuj Sehgal: I think Brad, yeah.

[00:38:01] Colin Moore: OK, 'cause I'm thinking like even if we join early and you might be able to if you're in person, if you join early and turn the recording transcription on, that is good. That is good.

[00:38:10] Pratik Sharda: Good. I'll make sure I do that. The problem is we are not gonna get a copy of it because it's an outside party. So that's an unfortunate thing. So I'll try to turn it on for sure. And then if we need be, we can ask them to share it post. I'll ask Renee to share that post the calls, yeah.

[00:38:17] Colin Moore: Yes, right, right, right. I see.

[00:38:24] Amit Grover: So Pratik, Pratik, can we add our lamb IDs?

[00:38:27] Anuj Sehgal: Good.

[00:38:32] Pratik Sharda: Absolutely. Just forward it to it right now. We can do that quickly. But Sir, if you can forward it to your and my lamb ID, you can just do it right now and we should be good then.

[00:38:33] Colin Moore: Yeah. Yep, there you go.

[00:38:35] Amit Grover: So.

[00:38:43] Anuj Sehgal: Take that.

[00:38:43] Colin Moore: Yeah, 'cause that'll that'll be great, 'cause that will give us, you know, a lot out of this call, 'cause there's there's only so much you pick up in flight, even, you know, doing the recordings. The nice thing for teams is that you'll get the attribution from the speakers. So yeah, OK.

[00:38:56] Anuj Sehgal: 5.

[00:38:57] Pratik Sharda: Correct. The problem is in that room the attribution might not be there because it it will just be a generic kind of one room, right? So but even then still better than yeah other scenarios.

[00:39:06] Colin Moore: Right, right. Yeah, all good.

[00:39:13] Pratik Sharda: Alrighty, we'll see you then, Colin. We'll see you on the call. And yeah, anything else, just ping me between now and then.

[00:39:15] Colin Moore: Yeah.

[00:39:22] Pratik Sharda: Good luck. Thank you. Okay.

[00:39:24] Amit Grover: Got it. Thank you.