I see some other people are still having lunch, so they may join me. No problem. How's the wind? It's raining, cloudy, windy. How's the rest? A beautiful, strictly overcast day. So all white in the sky, and it just blew me. But not too bad. At least the weather's nice. The temperature's nice. It's raining for us here, but not bad again. Oh, already. So let me see if you've got the invite. They have scheduled it for Monday. I'm looking forward to you if you've not already. The sixth. OK. Are you planning to be here? So for next week, I won't be able to for the sixth. So that's where I have to, they kind of started yelling at me about travel. Because I've been traveling on and off I told them I need to get a manager before I can do more travel because right now every time I'm in every time I'm in Pacific time my team's like What do we do and there's 12 of them now and I'm like I come back and I'm underwater I'm pushing them. I'm talking to you guys later today about that same because I don't want to be absent from these and I think it's better to have that good face time with people. I could tell even you know that when you were there you had really good interactions with them just from you know not being virtual. But I don't want to sacrifice. No that always makes a difference. That's why I make a point to be there because the dynamics shift quite a bit. So the feedback is more fluid, the body language what they're thinking. the nuances are there right so all of that so but again you don't have to if you're here then we can plan accordingly let me quickly see if you're already online right or i have to add you to it let me see so i don't see you either let me share it with you and Anaj you are going to be there as well yes i can give you something And that'll be good. This is, I'm assuming, this is that meeting that Mikheil was wanting to have with his, like he said, like that somewhat technical team, like a second-level detail before discovery. So we have some context with him because this is Daniel, right? This is Daniel, yes. So we're also trying to set up time with him. Yeah, some insights on how he thinks, what does he do. He's the engineer, senior director of that. and let me open so what this call the one we are on right now what this is about is to set up if we need to do anything by tomorrow and the after tomorrow and after to discuss with them right so and also what we need to be asking come up with the questions if at all any discovery anything else we should be talking about I'll in the meantime also open what we had shared so we all can go through it I'm going to pull that as well. Let's see. Because actually, I think the good thing is we have an easier time right now. Because we know a lot about, let's say, the aspects of the application. It's just we really need for them to be selective. Because last time, they said a lot of things in the air. We know that there's a lot of opportunities just about getting them to kind of put blinders on and say, this is the one that we want to start with. This is the entry point. In fact, I feel they are still going to be a little ambiguous. I don't think they are exploring a very wide concept. But one thing we need to still find out more is if are we competing against anyone or it's just us. I'm not sure and clear about that aspect as of now. That's something we have to try to find out. Are you able to see it or not? So we had two of those. So one was the discovery and the steps that we had shared. This is that part. And the other one was what we understood, which they said we understood it correctly. So this part we have figured out, Colin. That is also there. And now the question is, what do we talk about in the next call? And how do you want to structure it? Do you have it prepared? Do you have something in mind? Do I need to do anything? Anyone else here, like Anu, Jamis, we need anything from them. My key objective for the next one is to find out competition and a concrete timeline and a concrete project. So three things, what we have and how is obviously what we really need to work on. Even if they say we want to do a pilot or we want to do something. And then we should also be kind of going towards lead. the number part of it both in terms of the date the number for the date and then number for the budget I think and then we always can talk about the purpose and all we already figured out right the business context is already there we understood what they're talking about so some point of view is there what we wanted to discuss now is what you would suggest to like discover it further in terms of the technical and also what we should suggest let's say we do get what we need from that meeting itself not have another meeting so by that time we would have like three four meetings already then we should be the goal out of the next is the actionable outcome from there exactly what we need is the amount date time how quickly they want to do and from our end have everything ready as we propose do just a smaller piece in which capacity you should do the pilot or start with us What would be our resourcing? What would be from our end? We should be prepared with that is, I think, what I'm thinking of. That's, again, my school of art. So let's set it off from calling. Our agenda is clear. I think that you want to have amount and date and timeline. But I think let's hear from calling as to how should we go about it. Since it's a one and a half hours meeting, I mean, I don't know, you have received the invite or not yet? Yes, just now. Okay, so it is one and a half hours meeting and this guy Daniel Harrison, so he is their technical manager, okay. So I'm sure you would have looked at it. So he's also currently working with our team, you know, the Philippines team that we have, okay. So he comes with, I mean, what? About 10 years of his experience in lab and he's done everything under the Sun except for you are you expert, okay? This is this is how I've been you know, hearing about you know, he's an additive in all of those meetings the interviews discussion that the end so he's known supposed technical things and Then just like just to give you some more things So they're currently working on the knowledge management space, in the knowledge management space. So within the text, again, I don't know if it makes sense, but the text that they're using is the dotnet column for their current engagement. But I'm sure that may not just be the only thing. There will be other aspects that they will be using. They have actually coming up with some newer things in the sense that on the testing automation, they are exploring new tools. Test complete is one of them. I mean, I'm not sure how much element will it take to this, but I think that's giving you maybe some additional information that we know of, right? And what we know of Daniel. So just keep us trying to fill you in on that. Again, having said that, how would you want to go about it? No, no, no. And I think all this is good. I feel good about this. So I think all good across the board right now. I think the few questions that will help us, because I agree. I think they're still going to be ambiguous. But in order to do costing, we'll have to do scoping. And that's something that I can extract out of them probably in the meeting. And the way that we would do that, and basically what we need to force out of them is a few things. And the good thing is we can ask very few questions and get a lot on the app. So for instance, competition. Stuff like this I can tell you right out of the gate doesn't really have competition. It's more like, and this is where I was trying to talk to Anand, the sales training, and he just wasn't hearing me. There's certain things that not everyone can do. You know, there's a reason why NVIDIA is NVIDIA, because they have a, you know, the two nanometer process that no one else can touch. Everyone else wants to, but they can't technically get there. This is a problem that can be addressed by some tools, but do those tools actually fit the bill for what you're trying to do? That's the other half of it. And, you know, there's two angles that come in. One, is there a ready-made off-the-shelf solution? The answer is no. And the second is, of the people that would provide you a custom solution, do they get your business? And that answer is maybe. But the fact that they already tried and had some failure is good for us because that kind of tells us what they were trying to do and also tells us what someone else tried to do with the knowledge that they had. So from our angle, knowing what they tried to do is a good thing. One thing that I hope to get out of this meeting would be to understand what their in-house capability is like without explicitly asking the question. Because that will get our gauge of how they perceive this problem in mind. So, for instance, if they think that this is a really easy problem and any dummy could do it, of course they're not going to pay too much. But if they see this as something where, you know, they don't even think it's possible anymore because they've tried and failed and it didn't even get one person in the way there, which is where I'm thinking they are, based upon talking with Mikayla. Um, then we're in really good shape. And at that same stretch, that also helps us with scoping. For instance, like whenever they were trying something in-house, what specifically was the scope of what you were trying? Because that can answer that question of, you know, narrowing the sound for us right out of the gate. Um, so basically what we need from them is an entry point, a starting point. Don't just say we want to help all, you know, like how Michael was talking, it's like, it's like a constellation. Like there's some stars here, some stars here, some stars behind me. that won't work because there's no concrete place for us to get our roll up our sleeves and get our hands dirty but if they can pick an application and maybe they can just point us to what they tried before that gives us a good entry point that we can scope and we can do two types of scoping type one of scoping we can say for the immediate scope of work Type two is we now understand the broader picture at LAM. So almost think of it like pillars in a Roman building. This is just the first column, which is this first project. Once we know what that one looks like, we have a good estimate of what the others do. So then the scope of work is just that times time or times effort, if they want to get it done faster. So number one is that scope and defining that. And number two is understanding what their perception is of this in-house. Is this something that's reasonably possible? Yes, they might be talking to a lot of people, but I'll tell you right now, not a lot of people are going to be able to have this conversation from the AI perspective. That's a good thing for us. There's a very good advantage we have from a technical standpoint because we can talk about it in an experienced way. The reason why this isn't common in history is because not a lot of people get this type of problem handed to them. It's good for us. Two things on this, Colin. As you're creating your strategy on conversations for this meeting, one, based on our recent experience with them, they want to give out less and ask more. Hey, what have you done? What is the industry doing? What do you think? So, you know, they will try and put the ball on our board all the time, right? So that's something that we have to counter. And too, I love the thought process that you had about a, you know, what have they tried, what did they fail, what was their outcome? And maybe we could basically just replicate that and then they can compare apples to apples, right? Even there, I think, again, one of the learnings that we have with them is they're not very clear on what they want. How do they, you know, compare that to an outcome? And is that a... and so during the the scoping I think when we want to try and pinpoint that as well with whatever POC you you end up sort of getting to so just those two points. I think from other things that I want to know from them oh sorry I like that. I'm not I mean if you have a trainer force you can call it. It's okay it's okay come on. So my I think again the way typically they have worked, they want to know what others are doing. So what has somebody else done? Or does this kind of a problem exist anywhere else? And if we can bring that experience. Because I think knowing Brad, he always is in that mindset that, OK, what is it that you are doing as your experience by working with so many other customers that you have? So, can you give me some thoughts what others may have been doing, one thing. Second, if also there is a possibility, if you can do that with respect to some of the off-the-shelf tools that may be available. Again, the answer is no to that. But again, if you have to call that out, maybe we did some research. or maybe these are some of those tools we evaluated or not evaluated but just went through and nothing comes through. So you have to do a custom solution at the end of the day anyways, right? So maybe that also could be the point of view that we can come up with and then steer that conversation in the direction that yes, we are the best ones, we will do it for you, a custom solution. And I'm just thinking it out when you're talking this. So these two points, if you can think, that will be... It really wants to listen to those things. Yes. Well, good news is this exact project we did for Cohere. So that's the good news. And we got to do that from the earlier days of AI when things were a lot less defined. So that's definitely an advantage. I feel like, you know, this... There's an older group of guys that were with Oracle from the early days. They have this intimate, inside and out knowledge. If you ever get to meet DJ Pandey, he's one of your guys's good friends. He's in Sinclair. Amazing person, but he's like that for me. I'm like, I get to be that for AI, because I got to be here from when I was born. And now, see how it's evolved, which is great. We had to do this exactly coherent. And the good thing is, this is exactly why I can tell you with confidence that there's not things on the shelf. But it's not that there's nothing, that everything has to be totally custom. I'll show you the approach here, and I'll show you the wording because it's very intentional with this too. One thing is, and I'm going to treat this like it's engineering and not sales, so bear with me on this. One thing with engineering is that you don't want to throw shade at people, but you also don't want to say everyone did a good job all the time. in this case they tried something and quite similar to this point it does for people that are technically minded or have that engineering background if you tell them yeah this was nice but they they just logically was unsound you're going to gain credibility with them and then it discounts other people too you're not throwing them under the bus like oh they they they're terrible at their job and this and that but like even just the kind of side comments like what was the goal for this you know like ask basic questions like that gives you credibility while taking it from the other guy. It's not a bad thing. It's actually quite helpful because they're also going to remember those questions you ask because they're going to ask them to potential competitors. Essentially, think of it this way. It's almost like an RFP, but we're intentionally asking hard questions that we can answer great, but we know other people are going to fall over on. So that's part of that strategy. The other part is like this. So I said, here's what you did wrong here. You went with a totally custom solution without even investigating. That was what you did wrong. You didn't try to do what is a known industry standard approach. Even if you need something more custom, you always start. Every AI project must start from that known baseline. So what I'm showing here, and of course this is just what we came up with. This is my AI version of what we generate, right? But the content's still there. The deterministic layer, it's kind of like two layers to an onion. Deterministic layer is those tools that already exist, and we'll be able to talk a lot to those. So things like Microsoft Purview, that's where things should go. And that gives you essentially role-based reduction for things like PII. That one is a solved problem. With off-the-shelf tools, with their already existing ecosystem, they could do this today, and they would pay maybe $7 a month for it, and Microsoft. The trick is they don't need to know that it's $7 a month and that it would take someone like us to set up for an hour and a half. They don't need to know that. They just need to know that this is one part of a much grander solution. The thing is I'm trying to relate back specific parts of what this solves to their problem without telling them how I'm actually going to do it. I can say that verbally, but anything we say is like ammunition for them to go give the other guy ideas. I'm with you on that problem. I think that's the biggest thing even I want to do is they are evaluating and they're trying to grasp and get a lot of understanding on it. And it's very likely to your point, they may share it with their competitors as well too. And they might also try to do it in-house if they feel this is how to do this. So we have the competition on all aspects of what we have learned so far. So definitely, we have to be very careful on what we share. And a lot of it, we always remind them of the food priority, non-disclosure, and so forth. But at the same time, not give enough that they can actually move up on their own. I'm also thinking of the solution. We don't even talk about the solution. We just give them how much time it's going to take us, which you were also mentioning. We should not give them if it's going to take us a day or a month. We need to gauge what their appetite is as well. We can maybe, if they really want to eat a lot, and we know maybe just one item is going to be good, let's give them enough, they can have to go, but if we give them enough, then we have some revenue. If we have to establish our credibility, we have to give them something. That's a tricky one. That is a tricky one. You can't just come out and ask for the timeline and budget and dates and stuff. We have to give them some visas. Yes, we understood the problem and we've already got something in our mind. And this is how it looks like, but not open the whole window. And just you can take a peek. And this is what you see. In the process, we have to ask them as well, because Daniel is going to be there. we have to we have to get his peace of mind too as to you know what was done before technically and you know how can that be improvised not improvised but yeah how was that not useful and what we think is much more useful for you. So what I'm also thinking is taking a step back right this particular one is set up based on our request which was the last request on the next steps. We said we want more. So there in this meeting coming in as whatever we need for this technical understanding, anything we need, this is the opportunity for that. So I think we can start with the idea of just go through these questions, whatever number of questions we can come up without even talking about the solution timeline and budget. Is that something we could do? Colin, we can just go through the entire first half. of the entire one and a half hours like 45 minutes only questioning yes and then maybe just give them a teaser of what we already know could be a potential answer and then tie those things together and then proceed towards the finish line which is sign off on the HAW or even pilot and we should not do a free pilot at all which I'm feeling we should definitely ask for whatever even if it's a marginal cost dollar We should tell them that it's going to cause a little bit of lunch. We can do a defer payment if they want, but some value should be attacked. Because if we say we'll do a free pilot, then they might be enticed to do the same pilot with other players also. That's one of the reasons Accenture, PwC, or any of these Deloitte's, they do POCs, they do pay because they don't want to keep doing POCs and not being paid and just keep solving problems. I'm assuming it's the same way that it seems and all they used to do POCs or POCs were free? I mean, it all depends, I think. There will be POCs, they also will be wanting to do free, depending upon how big the opportunity is, right? Okay. I'll show you that I have a sheet that actually people on this call would be the best people to give me feedback on it. So I'll show you something. It's a workbook that can help to calculate all this stuff. Based on the blue sheet methodology or? A little bit better. My own take off. I used to have one for like corporate style projects and it's actually super useful. Because it'll take care of things that, because basically there's so many people that need to give some level of input to the costing conversation. It helps to make it less work for everyone. And finally puts it to one place. I think you'll like it. I'll show that in a moment. So here's my two things. Number one, from general meeting structure, I think started off with restating the problem to them, doing that quickly, high level, allowing for them to ask questions. But that establishes part one of credibility, which is these guys understand. Part two is, have they done this before? Do they have actual experience? Technical side, that's a different thing. restating that is good to say, you know, we have a baseline. It also is better than a cold start at the meeting where we just dive right in and start hammering the questions. From that springboard off of talking about cohen. And the good thing is, is even though I'm being genuine, I'm saying it in a certain way with a point to it, which is that. Here's what we really did. Here's a company just like you with the exact same constraints and even more complicated because they're talking about China and business and you guys aren't talking about that. You're talking about US based employees having these problems. Here's why, here's what we tried. Here's what didn't work. Here's why a hybrid solution ended up being the right fit. And here's where my first trickiness comes in, which is even this, I will sound intentionally like I'm giving away all the detail. And here's why. Technically speaking, I have confidence that they can give this to anyone else, and they won't be able to deliver it. For two reasons. One, because we're just so good. And as Anand said, we are God's gift to Earth, and we came down from the heavens in this. Part two is because I'm leaving out some very critical bits of information here. Even though it looks complete, it's missing the spark plug that actually makes it work in practice. So, sure. Technically speaking, everything's good. If they want to give this to someone else, fine. But they're missing that part of it that actually makes this work. And I mean, I'll put it this way. If they have someone on their end that would have that just in their mind, then they wouldn't need us anyway. And there's no deal anyway. But from that, we go into the questions. And I'll tie this back to the end. Questions we had here. We can start off with the technical context ones. They are... Fairly straightforward, but this stock I won't go through but there's a lot of good technical questions here and we could reformat this in a more organized way rather than the sheet. Just give them a few. I can condense these down too so we can verbally ask a lot of it and leave the written things just as the high level. What we can lead them to is this rosy picture of the future, right? Because POC is one thing, but what do you actually want out of the POC? POC tells you it's possible. it doesn't tell you what the end state actually is going to look like. So if we tell them what the end state's going to look like, once again, leaving out those secret ingredients that actually make this work, then that's something that other vendors are not going to be able to compare to. So here's the secret sauce here, unified data plan. Not just a POC that says, yes, we can redact information on the flight. That's something that you're going to find a ton of competition for. The trick is making it work for them. in their environment, at their skill. That's the real magic to it. Anyone, like I said earlier, it's an intern level project to do what they set out to do. The trick is to do it in a way that actually makes business sense. So we can go to them with this. This is their rosy picture. You don't have all this complexity. We have 30 applications over here, and 10 over here, and three behind me. Regardless, they're all using one common layer. that is able to be maintained by your IT department, but we can certainly help and provide support, but it's using standard tools, standard methodologies, as the orchestrator layer for all of this, as a solution. That is different because you can't say that unless you've actually done it. There's no one that can speak intelligently about that. You can ask chat to a BT. You're never going to get the real answer out of it because this stuff changes all the time and it's very industry specific. Even for them, you know, their industry, I'm lucky because they're very much close to coherent. So I know what they're doing in a lot of ways. But even talking about these other things too, you see we're expanding the scope beyond just AI. It's not just an AI problem anymore. Now we're talking about credential and access management. Now we're talking about governance and visibility. And for instance, one thing that they're going to have a problem with internally is costing. That's the good thing. I could tell you right now, you know, Anand can say what everyone wants to say to me, but I've lived that life. They have no idea how much this is worth or how much it's not worth, which is an advantage for us. If they say, like, oh, a thousand man hours to label data, they have no clue what they're talking about. A thousand man hours would be an exceptional amount of money with very little actual value at the end. So it's like... Even that is, I think, unreasonable, right? Because even if they have a lot of documents thousand man hours is it is like how many number of men itself easily i'm assuming 10 20 or larger team because data labeling and managing that team is the biggest entire thing of the training of the model itself yes in this case how they're going to train it and how they're going to obviously work on that modeling based on the number of people one person is like six months thousand hour which is not the case It could be 10, it could be 100, or a larger number. We don't know how many documents. Without knowing the database size, number of documents each, and how to redact and give it an actual input, we have no idea how big that could be. So I'm with you on that. And the good thing is neither do they. Right? Yeah, exactly. They threw out 1,000, and I'm like, it's like on a person's resume. I improved efficiency by 90%. I'm like, eh, I know you didn't. If you did, you wouldn't be applying for this job, you know? It's a round number because someone told you metrics are good on resumes. You can tell I'm cynical at this point. But my thinking is we can present to them a holistic solution. Not just we're really good at AI and it's just this piece, but even here. We're going into like, here's how we're going to make this work with what you've already done. Here's the historical cleanup. We're not just going to say we're starting over from zero, but we're actually going to take into account all these different things. And the trick to this, like what usually turns people aside, is what most vendors do, which is they either go too small or too big. They're not in that Goldilocks position where it's just right. We're not saying we're going to touch your entire organization. It's in the stillness scope of what you originally asked us to do. I'm not saying here's 10 other things we can do as separate projects, but this is why this solution is necessary as a holistic thing so you don't have to fight this fight in five years. This will grow with you. Your team can use it. It's extensible from you. It's the opposite of those vendors that are like, hey, we're going to come in with a custom platform. And great, we've got the super cool tool, but now you guys have to use one more thing. And if it falls over, you guys have nothing. This still is building it on their system, so there's a level of comfortableness that is here. And then making it go full circle is, again, something that most companies are not going to be able to do. What would they do? They're going to hear the RFP. Imagine it was an RFP. They're going to hear the proposal and say they need reduction, identification, and classification. They're going to propose that. They're not going to propose the entire house along with the kitchen. And that's the strategy here. Here's where the enterprise tools come in. To actually say, here's what you should use off the shelf versus here's the things and why you should do them custom as dual parts of the solution. They will make technical sense. Again, it's the devil's in the details, of course. That's the secret sauce that they don't need to know. They could say this and they go, aha, we're going to take this to Accenture and tell them to do it. My advice to them is good luck. May the best man win and you know I'll still be here when you call me in nine months whenever you went down the rabbit hole and didn't figure anything out. So it's actually it's it seems like it's like a bad thing to give too much information but if you do it in a very metered way you can end up you know giving yourself some ammunition even if they're going to shop around and even if they're not it's still okay because their technical team is going to be happy and a project like this that's pretty much what matters. Yeah, I think that the biggest things here are, you know, give some definition of things because that gives us goals to reach for. Like even for a POC, remember when we were on the call, he said 97% accurate in under five seconds based on one. You know, is that a need? Is that a want? Is that a dream? You know, what's the actual requirement for success? And we'll know that once we know how their existing system works. And my point is that if they are even at the point of asking this later down the line, they are probably at the point of, we didn't know that this was even an issue, which means that there's a certain rigor to which I would expect their internal applications to have been developed to. If we're not totally off base here, that probably means that they say, I want a response in five seconds. They don't mean that. because their current application doesn't give them a response in five seconds. That would be improving two things at once. So we can cover this with them. And then the last part before, let me just share one last thing real quick. I'll show you this because I did this for, this is just the template, but I put together this sheet as a formal costing sheet for projects because this is kind of a forever problem. Anytime something takes me too long, I end up automating something. There is an instruction sheet. It's the first page. Second page is personnel. We set up working locations. You can pick. You set up the rates annually or hourly. The base rate. Loaded costs you can do per resource. You know, these numbers are just calculated. Anything that's not yellow is not in an input field. Yellow is input. And what their allocation is to the project. So for the people that are shared, for instance, like if I'm on a project, let's say, you know, I'm not 100% on the project, maybe for the POC, but not overall. But this lets us calculate for that. In addition, you know, setting some defaults and things like this, and then you get a summary. Just have one for personal. The second input tab is this, then you don't have to touch anything for the entire rest of the block. This is a good part. Second tab is for project inputs. Yeah, sorry. No, no, this is very good actually. This is, I mean, this is fantastic. You like it? Yeah, I mean, I would just want to take a look at it. Of course, you need it. Then suggest, you know, some inputs. So yeah, this is great actually, Colin. So let me show you the magic part, because I think you'll really like this. Because the very last tab is the most exciting one. Or the second to last tab is the most exciting one. I won't go through all of them, don't worry. The throughput? Through comparison. Okay. So project details, set them up here. This reflects through the entire workbook, so you don't have to change things through projects. Easy, simple. Resource summary. This is not able to be touched. This is strictly a calculation coming from the personnel tab. So again, you change things once, they are the source of truth throughout the entire book. Auto-calculate monthly team burn at peak. If you want to say, here's the number of working hours we want to assume a fully loaded person per month, annual. If you want to say, here's the engagement parameters, what's the revenue opportunity here? If you can think about things as deliverables, you know, what is the amount or quantity of deliverables and what's the hours estimated with the tooling for those deliverables. This is something that I would fill out, of course. The other things you'll see, we're going to all be able to play around with it. Risk reserve, this is basically the buffer that we would include as a safety net. This is not lost cost for us, but this is just an extra padding on top of our margin. So even if we say we're making 40% margin, Great. Well, what happens if I needed to go buy more expensive resources? I don't want to tap into that margin because that can make an engagement go negative really quick. So what do I do? I put in a risk buffer of 20% from the get-go, which is essentially 20% added on to the sunken cost for the resources and the time as well. POC items here. If you want to include travel, I have that included. Simple way. hardware and conservables, monthly subscriptions, one-time equipment costs, those are all factored in. Margins, setting up what your thresholds are, what your targets are, through the engagements. And these are just like before, just labels throughout the worksheet, and this we'll get to in the last page. A dedicated POC tab, so that you can set this up. You can say, is this built to the client? Is this something that we're absorbing? Is this something that is, you know, It's not really either of those. It's going to salaried resources like me. So, you know, technically it doesn't cost us anything. Technically, you can't really say that it's billable because it's not. But this comes from the client. And so how this works is that we can take this in. And if you wanted to say that this is 80 effort hours, this now goes and calculates that for you. And how long will it take? All these other things, the details. Everything. Your scenarios can get set up so you can say how long the duration of the engagement is and it'll give you the full spreadsheet for it. So you can even have people start. Let's say that this person is starting at month two. This updates so that that is taken away. Basically this will give you your costing and it gives you a summary table over here. So here's the revenue, here's your base costs. For phase one, here's your loaded cost. Here's your margin on the loaded costs, percentages, all those good stuff. Discount now. How much wiggle room do you have to leverage for negotiation? So you can see over here, this safe or below floor here with the loaded cost with the risk reserve in mind, you could offer them up to a 15% discount before you would not meet your margin threshold. That's what this is saying. Okay. And then the last two, comparison just gives you a bird's eye view of scenario A and B. You don't need to have two scenarios. In this case, I added them two. Here's the throughput down. This is what you'll really like. Because the tough thing is to say, how much time will this actually take? That is, I think, the biggest one even I... Something they may not even know is what my concern is. So here's how it works. So we know the number of deliverables, and we know the average time per deliverable. That could be something very small and granular, or that could be a larger scope of thing, and we don't even have to be close. That's the point. We don't even have to be ballpark in that same realm, but we don't have to be close. So what happens is everyone gets the same hours per month. Again, this is just all these fields that are blue are calculated, so they're not things that are able to be set. Available hours here. So the total for the team, I know the team's total. I know the minimum hours, the safe hours, that it's going to take me to deliver. I know that I want a risk reserve in there so that I have some buffer just in case things go south. That means my team is at 41.4% capacity, aka we are in real good shape. Probably could trim off a resource if we wanted to. But not all workers are equal. That's the trick. Yeah. So that's where this productivity multiplier column comes into play. One means that this is like a mid-level person baseline. No one amazing, no one bad, but just normal. A junior person would be something like 0.25. And maybe a senior person is a 2. So even though you're still paying them, their resource allocation relative to junior or senior is different. That also goes like if someone's not doing well in the middle of a project you could deallocate that to see what your risk is looking like and all these things on the sheet update accordingly. So what you can do effectively is you can play around with what would this project look like if I had a team of five juniors versus a team of two seniors or maybe a hybrid team. How does that costing work and how does that impact you? Like so for instance here in this scenario We have a team with a bunch of seniors that are, you know, only technically needed. They could do five of these projects in the same time that it would take them to get one done. And all of that bleeds through and gets calculated all based upon these two taps for input, which is nice. So that means that on my end, for projects, I have to do the technical part and figure out, you know, for instance, here's the deliverables, here's the hour estimate. Here's how risky it is based upon technical complexity or unknowns. And then on the business side, we need to figure out what our margin wants to be and what kind of people we already have from capacity perspective to stack all the projects. Yeah. So actually, the one of the assumptions here is that the number of deliverables and the amount of time it will take for each deliverable. That's right. But most of the times, that's the thing that we don't have. Unless we are doing good scoping, or either we are doing it or customer exploring, but the problem is that we don't have the baseline to start the field. And I think we'll have to, again, come up with all of our experiences, and if we can define that, then I think this is perfect. that we all want even without that I think this is a great college you know this provides much more detail than we want at times I mean yeah this is very good actually if you can share that I can take a look and see if you need to make maybe you know some more adjustments to this let me show you a real project too for a real project so this is the Cisco work And this is one that we just sent out. I'm happy with this because we can justify it. And I absolutely agree that we don't have formal understanding, but I'll show you exactly how I did that on this because it's the same thing as Cisco. Cisco, Suresh asked me, how long would it take you? This is a conversion, old UI to new UI. And he said, how long would it take you? And I said, once we're at full pace, probably two hours. And he said, what's your confidence? And I said, I don't know. I haven't seen their code yet. I have no clue. So instead of two hours, what I said was eight hours. Arbitrarily higher. Something where there's buffer built in for sure. So I know what it would reasonably take, but I don't know the full scope. But you notice I didn't put it to three. I put it to eight. Because at the end of the day, all that we're going to do is deliver faster. And with solutions, they're not trying to do this at the lowest cost because, you know, frankly, they would do it in-house if that was the case or they'd go for a commercial solution if it existed. So we have that kind of power to us that if these numbers make sense, logically speaking, then they're going to be like, yeah, that's just what it is. I mean, they have a little bit of wiggle and how much, you know, that's coming from the discount tab. So for Cisco, 250 screens, estimated at eight hours per screen. On top of this, I'm giving a 25% risk reserve, which means that if this number fluctuates up by 25%, or even this number fluctuates up by 25%, we're still okay. We're still okay. Now, of course, there's caveats to that as well. If you're completely, utterly wrong, there's that. But at that same point, give me that faith that I won't be super wrong on that. And once we're done with this, if we look, we can get our, this one I said, there's two scenarios, one where they wanted a delivery in July, which would be insane. I said, no situation where we're offering any discount, if that's the case. No. With December delivery, which would be a more standard delivery frame, you know, three months versus eight months is the difference we're talking. Yeah, we can do 30% margin as the hard floor. From this, this is a 500K SOW that we would get. And if we go here to the throughput tab, we can see here what it looks like for an actual engagement. And remember how much buffer is built into these. So I've already said it's four times as much effort on my end. We had to do the screens that I know is probably realistic. On top of that, I threw an extra 25%. And on top of that, I have an extra 25% in my budget in case I need to hire more people to do this. What that ends up with is if we don't dip into it, we end up walking away about 75%, 80% margin. And it's all defensible to them. So if they ask and they say, why is it so much? Well, we took this, we took this, we took this. And this even will go through milestone-based pricing to say, rather than you saying based on headcount, you don't need to know the headcount. You don't need to know. If it takes me one person, if it takes me 100, that's my business, not yours. You need to know how much the deliverable outcome is worth to you in the timeline that you want to be delivered. And so the levers that they have to pull are essentially ask me for a discount or simply give you more time on the clock to do this on. And so it kind of puts them in a good boat. You know, Suresh's advice was keep their procurement teams the heck away from head counts and even that amount of hours per deliverable. because they're going to try to say, I'm going to divide that, and here's the hourly rate, and we're going to negotiate on that. We can cut it out entirely by just saying, how much is this worth to you? And if this is way off base more than you were thinking, OK, we can see about delivering it at a slower pace or reducing scope. But we don't need to even tell them, this is offshore people, onshore people. It'll purely outcome based. But this was the real one that we'd given for this Cisco work. So we are like covered, covered, covered in terms of safety net was the intent. Yeah, I think this is really good. We can share it. I think that would be great. I have to jump on number one. We have a two o'clock to prepare for that. But then except do we connect on Friday once before the call on Monday or do you want to connect on Monday to sync up on you? I mean, am I and if we want to on Friday, I would like that if we want to on Monday, that's fine with me too. So, I'll leave it there. Is there anything that we are doing from now before the meeting or until Friday? I mean, is there anything that we have to prepare more, come up with something different? I mean, I think right now, no, because we actually already did a lot of the legwork already. So even like the, basically all I would do is probably take some of the details and just crest them up. But that'll take me all three seconds. So don't worry about that. I'll take care of that. I'll put one for Monday already, so that we are fresh on what we're going to do. In case we think of anything tomorrow, then we can also do that by day. And it's already OK. OK. All right. I think this is good. And this one is very helpful. I think what we could do is, Amita, from your point of view, can play with this to come up with a hypothetical scenario. In case the conversations come around, you tell us what the number is and they are like, we tell them something. How do we do it? We can wait until Monday because then once we have a concept of the scope, because that's the biggest thing that we're missing right now. It's just the sheer scope. Budgets actually for me, it's like secondary almost because This is one where I was trying to tell him I'm not the same. I'm like, they don't have an option. I was like, they're in T mode. And he was like, they're not in T mode. They could do this at any time. And I'm like, no. They're unique because they handle their competitor's data. I mean, they're unique because they have same-same data. They have TSMC data. So they can't have a screw up here. They are effectively shutting off AI for that duration. So they don't really have a choice but to do this. as soon as they can, or risk otherwise exposing information. It doesn't set a timeline on, for sure, but that also means that if it's expensive, it's expensive. You know, it's a safety cost. It's not like a normal business, like this is convenient, nice to have. It's like a, you know, make sure we don't end up in a courtroom because our, you know, internal tools leaked customer or competitor information on. So, yeah. If we get the scope, we can tell them the budget. And they can either say, oh my god, or they can say, yeah, sounds good, because we're a manufacturing company. We've got money to spend. And I'm hoping Paul and you were able to download the large internal code base from yesterday. Of course. But Mythos and this other one, I'm like, yeah, that's good. And that's how you know that's a signal that there's a new GPT version coming out, too. Yeah. They just sit there waiting for each other.