I'm going to go in the frame up this morning, conduct meetings there, and then drop out here at the lunch. I hope you're staying in lower border till the end of the day. I am, and then I'm going to go from here to trash seats. I'm not going back that way. I know, 580 is not for the paint market, for sure. Definitely.
Yeah, keep wondering where people go on the weekends. I mean, it's always crowded, even on a Saturday or Sunday. I mean, yeah, it is. I don't know. Maybe it's like during the winter, it's probably just Tahoe or Mount or something. Yeah. During the summer, it's usually off of the lake. Yeah. Right, because somebody in the forefront of whatnot right now. Colin, are you waiting to hear us? Yes, I am. Hi, everyone. I don't know what I look like over there, so if I'm a disembodied floating head, just...
I know that I don't always look like this. Exactly. We have the transcriptional. Have a transcriptional? Well, they've already turned on the recording. Just to let you know. Yeah, let us. Say anything.
Awesome, my scenic drive through the fashers that stables blood. This is the route that the film owner would leave. It's going to be identical if you get her 23 minutes.
It was moving out because it started. That is Livermore for Kyle, was it? Because it was back in the day when we split the team, right? Was it before you started? It was before I was before you started. Okay, yeah, because for everyone that lived out here in Livermore, Brentwood, Tracy and so forth that relocated to this building and we worked out of here for a while. It was the best commute I've ever had.
45 years and it was like it literally lasted just over a year. It was just not bad. It's only 16 months, right? So it's not that bad. I mean compared to on the frame, which is now in 42 hours every day Just one one depends on your luck. Absolutely every day Did you end up coming into the office during the cold like 20 20 21 no completely I was the best four years of my life. Oh my gosh I Mean not because I call but can you yeah, I have video where succeeding like there's no car right the success like what?
This happens here? This is crazy. All right. Hopefully, Colin, you're able to hear all of us. Yes. Thank you for joining, so we can get started. Do you want to bring up the slide? Sure, sure, sure. Let me share my screen. That's an introduction to Daniel and Colin. Oh, yeah. Let's actually start it. Yeah. We can start with a quick introduction here, since we have done it for the first time. So Colin, do you want to introduce yourself, I think?
Daniel wouldn't remember, but he'll be honest with everybody else. He's getting red right now. Sure, for sure. So my name's Colin Moore. I'm director of AI, head of AI here at Bay One. So a little bit about me. My past experience is kind of in similar industries to what AdLIM's in right now, actually. So I came from Coherent Corporation, which is, I don't want to say down the road, but down the road based in Santa Clara.
for you. So a similar type of industry, I'd like to joke that we use the things that you make, so that's kind of the relationship between those two companies. But I certainly understand this topic today on the topic of compliance, having good, reliable information while also not having information that's not supposed to be there in place. And I know we'll cover it today, so I won't go too deep, but it got to do with a similar thing at Coherent.
That's a production system that's been running for, I think, about three years now. So, you know, hopefully we can do something similar for you. So, my background is all over the place. Gen. AI, of course, is Gentec, but I first started out in computer vision and machine learning. So, that was my early career, and of course, nowadays you can't get out of any conversation without a Gentec coming up. So, you know, we evolve with the times just as well.
But yeah, really excited to talk it today and get some more detail and hopefully get something kicked off. Great, thank you. Nice meeting you. Just a little bit of background. I'm director of engineering in our GFSO area, which covers all of the products that McHale is product managing, basically. Well, except for service on the services side, but you don't touch too far into services, okay?
My background is software development for about three decades and focus on test automation, quality assurance, software architecture, everything on software development teams except for UX. I've never been a UX engineer or specialist, but every other role, yes. Looking forward to hearing what's covering the presentation.
I think I'm more on the information gathering side today as opposed to being in contribution just unless I see anything egregious. I think the whole idea behind this is again there is a proposal I want to thank, I mean it was pretty comprehensive like I think 15 slides is right. I think it's
setting the red lines, so it is a consulting, it is contribution based as well, if anything from a technical side is out of bounds and so forth. Original meeting was not, even if Colin was present there, it was not geared as a technical meeting, it was geared still more about the business process outlining the problem statement. But I think with the proposal, the way it came out was,
actual array had some assets that are beyond that. So I think we can maybe quickly call in if you can paraphrase where what obviously you already have it on there is what we understood the problem so that we are all on on the same page again and then we can talk about things where we would need your help to understand the technical side of it. So we did as I think Michael mentioned we've already gone through the workflow some of the swimmers also but
more on the technical side is where we need your help and guidance. So then Colin can come up with what we could do next. Yes, absolutely. So I won't sit here and bore everyone to tears reading this, but definitely we got a really good idea of the problem last time with Michael and Brad. So the problem is very simple and it's a common problem that we see across almost anything that could be considered in the family of a rag chatbot. So you want to enable knowledge of an organization.
Of course, the way that you do that matters, especially if you're dealing with sensitive information. Sensitive can mean a lot of things depending on the industry, but here is very clear for me. That could be anything that's considered as IP or anything that's other customer data, in your case, uniquely competitor data in a way as well. So the problem is to enable those applications to exist and to enable the team to use them and to build them, but also not set yourself up for a train wreck later on that line.
So we understood that things got restricted at LAM as a result of this. And certainly there's a lot of different applications. I think last time we got a good sampling of the types of use cases at a high level that we were talking about. So the two that had come from our last discussion was one for something to help enable self-search and self-help search.
That means, you know, essentially the Q&A side of things. How do users get access to a system? What information can they ask? What information can be shared back with them in a safe way? And that is, I think, the core of most of the applications that we talked about the last time. The other is for escalation entry points for field service technicians, and otherwise any of the competitors that might be using a similar tool to this.
That is a matter of making sure that those tools do not themselves generate anything that could be seen as sensitive, restricted, or otherwise prohibited. So we knew, based upon last time, and this is definitely something that we hope to get some clarity on today, we know that there's a lot of different tools out there at Lamb, kind of this constellation of things. Some are maybe on Azure, some are on Chrome.
It seemed like it was more, like I said, constellation style rather than some unified platform. But to know what the eventual goal is there and what we have to work with is definitely important, especially as we go ahead and start thinking about where you'd want to start. And that leads me to where we effectively are today, which is now we have a good understanding of the problem. For this session specifically, I'd love to get into what specifically has been tried.
what was it tried on and why it was not considered as successful. That's always a good place for us to use as a litmus test to see where we're at. Next, to pick a starting point, an entry point for us to actually do some kind of a POC for you and also to identify what the broader scope and plan for that might be if we want to go beyond the POC. Talking about the technical landscape of the application that we'd identify for that.
as well as, you know, defining what success looks like. You know, it's always easy to say, you know, success is one that's successful, but for us to get some goal posts for ourselves so we can, you know, use your time the most effectively, it'll be really helpful for us to understand what success looks like to all of you. So... So really, really quick.
Colin, what you're going through here, we don't have, right? I'm looking at both documents and this is not in here. That's right. This is what I prepared for today. Okay, I just wanted to make sure because I was like trying to find the section so I could follow along but I just want to make sure but I have is not, we don't have what you're sharing.
Right. Okay. Just making sure. Yes. I'll share this after the call too. I could even share it right now if that's helpful if you'd like to look where it goes. That's fine. Thank you. And question on the infrastructure or landscape. Are we only focused on the enterprise implementation or are we...
considering offline or small language models. Not in this. So do we need to ensure that the possibility for supporting that or are we going to architect or solution ourselves into an enterprise-owned model? We're going to approve the use case first. The first thing when we were describing the business case is the cam flow.
self-help escalate. As it relates to enterprise products. But we're excluding the clean room from being an area where that applies also. So we are going to prove the use case first. Okay. And we can prove the use case then we'll determine, okay,
Can we do this in M-Prize? Can we do this in a semi-connected mode and an offline mode and so forth, right? But the whole thing is, is before we go there, we need to prove that we have the capability to do what we're trying to do with the business base. 100% agree, but if we're not bringing it up as, hey, this is where we see ourselves five, 10 years from now.
Yeah, we didn't get into vision, so to speak, because we really just wanted to prove the initial use case first, with the false positives and so forth, and then take it into the, okay. Yeah, and what I wanted to add, in a disconnected environment, the security posture is different because data is already limited, but which are allowing manually to flow into a disconnected environment.
thing that I'm trying to piece together is that when we talk about large language model to small language model parity or collaboration and what parameters exist within each of them, if we have the ability of saying, hey, the LLM that we're potentially using to support this business case enables this other possibility as opposed to we're not going to solve for it now, but having a conversation around, hey, we'll be able to jump.
to this area later on based on the technology we use. So only thing I'm going to add is you're already saying LLM is a solution. Machine learning is still on the table. We don't have to use LLM. Totally just right. So this is my product. We haven't really zeroed in. Is it LLM? Is it only machine learning? Is it even just...
you know, rule-based stuff, right? Maybe we don't even go either of those routes. All of that is on the table. That's why I'm bringing up in the context of landscape and infrastructure. Because if we don't bring that up as, hey, there's a potential, but we're focused on enterprise, we don't want to architect ourselves into all of us. So as you're going through this, is it okay to give some critique? Yeah, absolutely.
And even in the documents that I sent, remove the customer names, just multiple customers. They'll call out those specifically. And if these documents go broader, which they probably will at some point, we want to redact any specific customer names out of it. OK. So easy first redaction project for us. Remove the customer names.
All right, well, definitely on everything that's mentioned here, this is actually a really good point. I think, let me go through, I know I will get to later on the recommendation for enterprise hosted, or if you wanna do something that's more localized. I think maybe when we get there, I'll separate it into what the business requirement is versus things like cost or scaling, because it could be two very different use cases. Certainly, I can talk to that.
as well. We've done both, so we can definitely speak to that. I promise I'll get to that. I think that's... I don't quite have 15 slides today, but I think that's number six. So we'll get through it. I promise today we'll cover that. Just one quick thing, Colin. And I think that's a very clear point that you were making, Reniel. I think the idea is to set up and where you come from is the foundation itself, right? So, but the same thing as I think Michaela and Brad mentioned. We are still...
discoloring a lot more because you don't have that even visibility what all would be like covering this. Like focus on the primary use case and then have understanding that hey this is where it could possibly go and this won't be possible with the recommended solution. Yeah, absolutely. All right.
The last thing I said before we jumped was this, a couple of the areas for discovery for this. The first one of those is understanding what has been tried so far. That's a good place for us to avoid churn. I don't know if we would have even tried the same thing, but at the same time, it's a good thing to know because that kind of tells us a little bit from your end what success looks like. You know, if we know what's unsuccessful, it kind of gives us what to say what success can look like for you.
So I think the first question where this starts off is, for the prior attempt that was made, what application was that running against? And I think this is kind of the crux of what I want to get to today, which is the last time we met. We got a lot of context, but we didn't talk about a specific application. And I think this is a good place to kind of say, from the last thing that was tried, what was that tried on? What was the business context of how that was done?
Was it for a specific app or was it just in general for a given set of documents from the redaction identification use case? So the first question is, what application was that one being tried on? So we have an escalation system.
It's a platform. I think that's right. Yeah, so it's homegrown built. There's got some security built into it and so forth ASM which is applications security manager with switch which manages some of the people in the profiles, but anyway Inside there there's some I think structured and unstructured data and information and people can type in free text and income so forth you can have attachments
It has a bunch capability like troubleshooting, phish phoning, all sorts of stuff. It also does closure reports and so forth so you can capture the learning and then those can either be, they can generate follow-up actions which are either engineering design changes, procedure changes, it could be tech articles, it could drive ongoing actions. But basically this application
Anytime that a field engineer or someone in the field goes to do an installed maintenance upgrade, whatever it may be, they're required to create a work order. And if they run into an issue and they can't solve it within eight hours, they're required to open up and escalate petition, right? And so it drives this automatic process. So inside here, we took two data fields and tried to do the use case.
that we talked about and we just the two data fields i think we talked about which was so it's not the two data it's um it's five data fields but the two uh what you call them elements okay customer name and fabric so we're looking for two specific identifiers within five three text fields you are in the catchments also i mean i don't know just just text just pure text uh
doing reduction within documents that's I'm not I'm gonna say that's the key that's another capability for the future right now we're just trying to see how we can open up tax right so that was we were trying to determine the accuracy in both True positives and false positives. So think of it like you go in, you order Amazon or something, put in your zip code, it automatically populates your city and so forth. So based on the tool ID and so forth, because there's connections, it will all populate a bunch of fields, right? But what it doesn't populate is what's your problem statement. And these other things that you have to fill out.
So if they typed in there, I'm having a plasma arcing issue at, and you start accepting my customer site and start giving a lot of detail. So there's a lot of data fields, and the team chose five that anybody could potentially type this information in, and that's what they then just looked at those two elements.
But there's more than five data fields. I don't want to say there's five data fields. We just said, hey, let's pick these five, these two elements, and see if we can prove this use case. It starts small, right? Yeah. Application name is escalation solver. Definitely. OK. A question on that, just to follow up on it. Was there a criteria you guys followed? Why did you pick up that particular one? Was it?
the most impact on ROI or was it more... We were proving out the concept that was the easier to get data access to and the most variations where we could truly prove out the use case. We have other areas but we wouldn't... I mean other applications. But in order to provide a use case you need consistency of data itself, right? Or...
Consistency of inconsistency, so to speak, right? Five fields, somewhere between 5,000 and 4,000 characters, so there's enough volume there to be able. And there is a definitive policy in that application not to enter customer confidential information. That was also the case. If we were able to prove out, this would be the first application also to start going after.
Sure, so I think we have the application at least a column that which is what specific System and application and the second I think follow was that what is the current? What was the solution and what did not work? So, you know the evidently you can talk about it the technical side of it How was it implemented was it on machine learning? And I know we were using multiple models
from an LLM perspective. If you need me to speak on this, I can totally because I was enrolled from day one. Also, I just want to go back to the previous application. So there's a big difference between application and application data. We've actually built this as a standalone service. We did not build it into the application when we're proving this out. We use this application data because we wanted a standalone thing than any application.
call it a reduction service, you can just pass in and get detection or you pass in and you get redacted text back as well. So that was the key. So we started first, now going back to your answer, we started with Presidio models. We took about 12 models on Microsoft. We've looked at them. We narrowed down to three. We narrowed down to five and then to three. Yeah, we narrowed down to five and then to three.
went ahead with, so transformers, which one from hugging face flare, and I mean, I can look it up, but there were one more. So we've narrowed down because we were trying to start with getting us a little bit of accuracy as well as performance was important, right? So we ran through a large, you know,
you know, 4,000 characters. If it passes, does it take a minute? Does it take 20 seconds and so forth? So we kind of balanced it out, started with that. We used, we put it on the cloud. Oh, Azure, and so one of them, so we actually narrowed it down to three, then removed one and added Azure AI. That's one of the Azure models. And then I think it was Transformers and it was...
I'm just not going to come to me right now for whatever reason. And we've tried that. We've also later introduced rule-based one as well, just to see if we can get the accuracy out. So I'm not sure, because there was multiple questions in there. I don't know how many of those I answered. Yes. True. No, I think the word. Oh, Pat, you can.
Yeah, so yeah the tech stack work so basically three models with what you went with there were five that you initially had and then three went with and Was there a particular criteria and process you followed on chart listing? Was it accuracy safety? It was an aggressive performance. Okay. I mean, I mean we've used all the not all shouldn't say all we used some
machine learning measures. I'm not a machine learning expert so like if one of two recall precision we've used many different criteria but overlaid with the performance and initial accuracy right so we didn't look at the business parameters from the governance and so forth, perspective. Performance accuracy was the number one way we started. The key thing, and I say that you guys are probably tired of hearing you say this, you have to be effective before you can be efficient. So if we're not able to meet the accuracy criteria that we have in mind, it doesn't matter.
We were trying to combine so many different parameters and testing each one of the models in combination with all of those parameters, and no matter what we tried, we weren't able to achieve the outcome. And then my assumption is also the performance that you're referring to, based on what you were benchmarking in the, at least in this space, AI space overall, and Colin would talk about more of the benchmarking changes every day. So yesterday's benchmarking is not included.
So you would have done it at that point of time. And the assumption is this is about three, six months old or this is about a year old. When was this? 18 months old. Okay. And again, we're looking at the benchmarks. And again, when you say performance, are you talking about the action quality, the benchmarking, the models where they were performing, they change every quarter, like as recent as even. So we didn't know, remember, this is our first.
kind of dive into that space. It wasn't really a benchmarking that we're looking for. It's setting up a baseline, more than anything. Because again, at that time, we went for a reduction use case. As part of the learnings, the detection use case evolved out of that. It wasn't our primary use case. But it's good, because 18 months ago, it was still an early adoption.
improved quite a bit and a lot of them have changed in the landscape of which three would be out for coming and I mean Colleen would talk more about that. One of the problems we ran into pretty quickly was these models are globally trained so a lot of things contextually they were redacting on our side which was not customer confidential even because they were trained.
because these are not our models that come in blend right they come in pre-trained yes so in a lot of cases that was one of our that's how the false positive rate was super high like on the magnitude of I think we were at 21% okay and I'd like to maybe call and talk about it more but just to paraphrase about where the things happened like as of today
each of these large language models and any of these enterprise solutions based on Antropic or OpenAI or any of the others, including Microsoft, they have use cases within the org for each different team, and each LLM behaves differently for what use case you're basically targeting. That's why we tried them. We used Azure AI as the primary, one meaning
I mean, the way we've done this, because we're still evaluating them, you could see what each model returned. And then we had a reconciliation algorithm, which would actually not call one versus the other. It would call all three in parallel and then reconcile between the two. But again, the false positive rate didn't decrease significantly when we start doing that. It went from 21% to 17%. So it was still, all of them were consistently, at least two models would agree.
that would still need to be redacted. So that's why we went, we stopped it because we couldn't get the false positive rates low enough. Accuracy, I think we were close to 90% accuracy rate. Depends on what you're looking for. If you're looking for detection, probably not a base.
If you're looking just at a detection use case, that's probably a great number. If you're looking for reduction where you need to be able to open up, 90% confidence is nowhere near you can use. What were you looking at when you started off? What was your best case scenario outcome that you wanted? Less than 5% false positives. Well, that was for MVP.
saying okay to support temporarily. So our ultimate was under 1% false positives. That was the agreement. But for MVP, to operationalize it, his team was okay, it was 5%. Accuracy, again, it depends, right? Like detection versus reduction, it's a very different use case. If I get false positive under 1% and 75% accuracy,
Is detection okay? Probably. Redaction, we're not even going to start that conversation. Between detection and reduction, which one's the more important piece in your bucket? I'm assuming reduction would be more... I mean, very different use cases. When you say most important, most important per dollar, or most important from an impact perspective, because detection is, yeah, of course, it's less valuable.
But the cost to implement detection is going to be peanuts compared to redaction, right? So if you're thinking ROI, I don't know, we haven't done to that point. But yeah, I mean, logically, redaction would provide that field productivity for us. But detection is probably cheaper and faster to implement.
We did not train those models. We trained them with our acronym, we trained them with exclusion list. What we haven't done was the labeling effort. Because our estimates was over a thousand hours, man hours to send direct. Just straight up labeling effort and that was cost prohibited from the value we're going to receive. And that is initial effort, that's not ongoing effort.
So yeah, maybe a couple I so much but I'll keep it as efficient as I can here so The first is so what what was the motivation for not using so even if so Azure AI Azure AI has Changed names like three times in the past year. So it started out Azure opening I Then it moved to Azure AI then now most recently its Azure AI foundry
And that doesn't refer to a specific model. It refers to a way that models are hosted through Azure. But that has access to things like, for instance, the newest GPT models from chat GPT, the newest cloud models, pretty much everything except for Gemini. So one question is, because I think a lot of models were mentioned, but they're not the standard models that most people would reach for for this.
Was there a reason to go with the smaller models in this case? Is there some need to do this on-prem? That's really the primary driver. Would people choose that? Or because they really want to use it for fine tuning? So was there a reason why those were chosen instead of things like, at that point, it would have been GPD 4.0? Is there a reason for that?
Thinking about the context 18 months ago, we were still going through NDAs and security evaluations of blood models and what services we were going to allow within our ecosystem. And we were still in major discovery things.
between the legal and technical constraints and the discovery that was going on, I don't think there's going to be anything that we can definitively say we chose these over another explicitly for their capabilities. Okay. Okay. Makes sense. Yeah. Makes sense. It wasn't until like that, those 12 or 10 or 12 models that we had and started carrying it down based on
the responses that we were receiving, that was the type of discovery we were going through as opposed to saying this one was made explicitly for this use. Let's start it up. And we initially, again, I don't know that there wasn't a lot of innovation, but we initially launched them on the Kubernetes. We didn't even put them anywhere, like we use.
anything in a cloud, so to speak, right? We deployed them on Prime and Kubernetes and so forth, while we're evaluating. Azure I, I think that was the only one we didn't, obviously, do that. Okay, good, yes. Same, go ahead. Oh, you can keep going. It's okay. No, I was just making sure. So, this was done with the engineering, IT team, and the GSNO. This was all done internally. And it was you. Oh, okay. And this was all developed or did you use a partner for the solution itself?
This was all internally done within LAM, and we did engage with GIS team members from an infrastructure perspective as they were running and discovering as well. So it wasn't just the Knowledge and Advanced Services teams, but we were driving the technology department. So product management was 100% out of place.
and then so whenever we say like training a model and that could be for machine learning that can be for a language model in general how is that done so for instance like typically we talk about there's the golden set you know these are the known good or the known bad and here's why they're good here's why they're bad it's in a way it's labeling and you can't do training unless you have that you know a larger scale training with much more examples absolutely that takes some time
But for any training or even any, you know, testing to happen, you have to have some kind of a data set in order to test it out. So what did that look like? What were you using for the kind of the golden set? And what were you looking at for the negative side? So there's three answers to that. So we didn't have a golden set because we were told or at least I was told that we have to do the labeling to create that set.
Right, wrong, and different. I'm just telling you that. What we did use, so LAMP has a list of acronyms. We went through exercise to create a list of acronyms, and then from close to 3,000, we love acronyms, where we removed things that were customers and basically said, this is an exclusion list, this is totally fine. We loaded the list of customers.
and we loaded the list of FAPs, you know, whatever we had from a location. So those were the three lists. We didn't create the true golden set that you talked about because what, again, this is not mayor of expertise, what was communicated, we actually have to take the text and we have to go through the labeling effort and that would be our golden set. So we're just loading kind of independent things that we have.
So in that case, that's probably where you hit most of the wall, if I'm being honest, because for that, that only, I'll put it this way, the output limit of your model is limited to the accuracy of whatever you gave it, and if that's a small set, or if it's not labeled, you're...
proportionally limited as to what the accuracy of that system can be. And labeling doesn't always have to mean, I think the labeling, you know, in this case, I think it was being talked about more like what we were talking about for computer vision, which is image, tag, human being has to sit there and waste their time. But for the most part, whenever we're saying otherwise, we're talking about bucketing. Bucketing just as a higher level, you know, this document in general is good. This document in general is not good or known to have some kind of problem with it.
But that's definitely important. We will have to do that to some extent in order to get anything out if you want to use either ML or GenAI. GenAI can be a little bit more dynamic, but still there's going to have to be some kind of an effort to do that. That doesn't have to be a big thing, so it depends upon how you do it.
So we can definitely share more on that for how we do that at kind of the larger scale. You know, our teams helped with a lot of different work like this at a much larger scale than what you might be thinking. So that is part of it. That is going to inherently limit the accuracy you can get out of any model. You have to have known good, known bad, or else what patterns does the model have to learn at the end of the day. And if you only provide one half of that set, you're still limited. There's a ceiling that you can get because effectively you're blind.
to what bad looks like. For instance, if you only provide no good. Or you're blind to what okay looks like if you only know what bad looks like. So that's something we can definitely help with. It's not as bad as it might sound. Certainly there's ways to automate that process as well. But the data set that you probably had, probably only legitimately lends itself to being suitable for a rule-based approach, to be honest.
So you'll see at the end, I'm not going to suggest one or the other. It's actually going to be a combination. But a logical one at that, almost slayers of an onion that can get peeled here. So you'll see that whenever we get a little bit further down. So I have a question, Paul, related to what you're talking about. So when you say no good or no bad, then what are you talking about? Because data and information come in all different types of forms.
Right? And so, could you give me some context in what would be a good, no good, and a good, no bad type of content that you would... Yeah, fuck it. So I'm just trying to understand because that is...
so general and broad that it's like, I just want to try to connect the dots in my mind. Sure, sure, sure. So first of all, one thing that I'll kind of take out of the running is this idea of structure versus unstructured. It legitimately does not matter. It's the first place I'll land with that. So if it's an image, if it's a picture of some text, if it's raw text itself, it's an Excel spreadsheet, a database. Let's consider them all equal for this case, in case they truly are.
What known good means is that a human being looked at this and said that this does not have the thing that would make it bad. So let's say that that is a word, right? That could be a word, that could be an entire document. It does not matter which one it is. So let's say the word that you want to redact is let's take this into account for this document, like Samsung, right? And that word Samsung, if I give a word as input, I can check the output to say, was this the same thing as that?
You could go the rule-based approach, which would be, is that word present at all? Or you could go with the Gen. AI approach, which is, is that word present at all in the correct context that would make it sensitive? So with that, what known good means is a human being has looked at this and determined, yes, this does not contain anything that would be needed to be redacted. That could be at the single word level, that could be at the document level, that could be at anything. It just means that it's been categorized by a human being that this is
knowingly not containing anything that is, you know, what we would consider to be negative. And likewise, the counterpart to that is known bad, which is this document, or where it does contain things that I'm trying to redact, filter out, remove. There has to be some set of that. I just wanted to add on to that, like, what you, like, maybe also referring to, not good or not, is what your definition, which is lamb's own definition, would be.
because as Nikhil was also mentioning, some of these models are globally trained. So it would not necessarily, you can just not implement the model and think it's not good, whatever you tell them would be there. So you have to be very specifically customized. That's why a lot of the enterprise that are developing their own in-house from the smaller data set and evolve it because it's very specific to your use case within different teams, different group.
So the known good and what is known good is going to be spelled out very clearly from you and the... I guess what I'm just running from my mind is, but we have some content that we have a flag or a label, I don't know, it says customer vehicle and somebody's known for these documents and basically say this could be shared customer, right, because it's a child on a portal.
And it's like, that could be, okay, we know this type of information can be shared in the context that it actually is. Obviously, some of these things are like 140 pages long, and, you know, but obviously, but whatever, hey, I couldn't feel it much faster than a human kid, right? But there's other things that are highly restricted, right? So you answered my question. I just wanted to basically, because we can put things in buckets.
and say hey stuff's in this bucket whatever it is we know we're not really cared about it right but if you see these elements in it customer location then something's messed up right so but then we also have stuff where it's highly restricted to say these types of things shouldn't be
So I think the idea there is itself, like we picked on the right, what is known good and not. It has to be defined very clearly and exhausted as detailed. And then I would not agree like all only human-based is the one with known good.
Because some of the AI can still do it, right? You are saying the seal of approval is definitely human and do? So we're talking about fundamentally what ground truth is. Yeah. So fundamentally ground truth, AI cannot say that AI is correct. Not possible. You can train a model to have a certain accuracy. And this is kind of my point for the models. Let's say you've trained a model to have 97% accuracy.
It's like the telephone game. Any model that's trained downstream from that can only then therefore be a ceiling of 97%. It's never possible that it could exceed that. And when I say 97 word, it's not even close to that usually. That's probably closer to that 80%. You know, past 20% false positives that you're seeing. That's what I mean. You can eventually have an AI help.
but even with that we have a lot of different techniques that we would employ to do that at scale and certainly that's how even for large language models training them like something like I'll bring up Gemini training that's something I'm very aware of personally you do it just like you would an engineer
You know, if you had, you know, a product line with a thousand pieces coming off a minute, what are you going to do? Can you check each and every piece? Well, maybe, depending upon what the product is. But more generally speaking, people are going to take and down-sample from that. Let's say just do every, you know, if there's a thousand parts a minute, check every hundredth part and see if those ones are okay. And that's how that even works for human plus AI to go in. So until there's an alarm bell ringing saying human and AI are agreeing or are seeing the same,
then you can proceed that way. That helps to speed up labeling, for sure, but you can't start out that way. You have to build that approach and build that trust. That ground truth is what the model understands to be true. The human truth, ours, does not necessarily have to be equivalent to that. And actually, that also brings me to another point, which is that, let's say you do have a document that's been approved, 140 pages or something.
if it's contradictory, was something that was said to be bad. For instance, there's content that was flagged as bad over here, but it's still present in a good document. That's something we can find out, too. Because that is probably the most common case where the source of truth itself isn't very truthful. And so improving that fundamentally increases the entire baseline of the system. So we can do that. That's a pretty easy exercise to do.
That's probably more technical than you want to answer for that. Well, actually, I do want a little bit more technical answers. I'm actually more specifically about this good bet, right? We use the five fields, right, to see if this fab ID and the customer name is present.
And we do, we actually still do have already a UI, which actually gives you a thumbs up, thumbs down if the system is doing it properly or not. So the extension of is it true or not, it's already built in. How much of that data do we have to go through? So I'm not talking 140 page documents, I'm talking five fields. What statistically significant amount of effort would we need to go through?
a thousand five fields, so like five thousand total fields, or we talk in tens of thousands, like what are we really talking here? Yes, great question, great question. This is probably the single most common when it comes up for model training, any disciplined model training. So what the answer to that is that there is no confirmed answer, but there is a way to reach that answer. Let me explain. So let's say, for instance, you're showing someone a picture of a giraffe in a car.
very obvious to say which one's which. And if you were to give them another picture, you could very clearly say which is which. The reason why you don't need as many examples in that case is because you have good distinction, good separation between those two groups of good versus bad. And when we were talking about a binary classifier, good versus bad is just a binary classifier. But whenever you have two things that are very close to each other, the more close they are, the more samples you need to recognize patterns.
So that's something that we can do with exploratory data analysis before we start a project. We would look at all the available information and see how similar it is to one another. The more similar it is, statistically, the more samples I need in order to generate meaningful co-relationships and patterns that can be derived out. If they're completely different things or if they're easily distinguishable, then I need less.
So generally speaking, if things are very close to each other, a good benchmark to kind of put yourself out is at least 20,000 samples is usually where we stay at. But that is not really a meaningful number because it truly depends upon what you're talking about. Is it drafts and cars? It's way easier for me to separate. But if it's, let's say, a picture of the front and back of a quarter, that's way more similar to each other, so I need more images.
But there's also things that can be added in from a rule-based approach so that you don't have to have as many. Because sometimes there's little things that flag that I can look for, and I know I'm talking about images, but this extends to any kind of text too, to generate more samples. And there's other techniques that we have that can even take existing content and generate known bad from the bad already, so we can improve that set and limit the amount of human labeling that's actually needed.
Both of those are possible, but hopefully that answered. If not, I can go more and be telling anybody. No, no, it did actually answer because, you know, from similarity, you know, five fields is a pretty similar, text fields are pretty similar especially. Okay, one is problem statements. I mean, you know, they're all describing a problem. Yes, it's different problems, but they look very, very similar across the board, right? It's been like...
start with your problem and so forth, the other ones describe additional things like actions taken or, so they're going to be all there, they're similar, especially in the text world. So I think the reason I was talking about that piece is not so that you don't have an impression that that good and bad takes a lot of effort because there are already a lot of techniques that Colin has worked on, they've already worked on. So it's not as heavy as you may think of making that data, like what we are good at.
Only thing is the definition itself. The initial really important aspect is what you feel in your organization and your rules, which might already be there and hundreds of documentation on what your guardrails are, what is good and bad. And we can obviously work on that. And it's not as heavy lifting as needed. You also have these, so the trainings have improved in the last few years. They are now, earlier it used to be just training of data, labeling and all.
Now they're calling it pre-training, post-training. So for example, this thumbs up and down, which is already there that you mentioned in your UI, it's kind of an aspect of the post-training where you can improve on it, and you can utilize that thumbs up, thumbs down, and we can put it in the right way of the ML side. Yeah, and again, Colin will talk about it. I almost think that there is some type of, and I'm just going to use the general AI, in this case, AI tool to help create this set.
there are some others because because theoretically what we would want to do is and I think I've mentioned this before right if you have like customer name on itself it's not such a bad thing if there's nothing else with it if you have fab id it's probably fine once you start to stick things together is where you start to get into the issue right so
you know, I think even having some type of rule around, hey, if any of these show up in any combination of a new or a three or something like that, you gotta flag it as there's something wrong with the days or something, right? Because depending upon 20,000 records, however many it is, things are gonna get missed if it's in there. So you could almost run it against some type of rule set or something just to...
as like maybe like a second or third chapter or something. I mean, I don't know. I'm just... You're correct. I think that's exactly right on that. And I think what we can also talk about more eventually, these are very smaller pieces in the bigger process. This is one part of it. But the idea is there are a variety of ways to do it. Colin is obviously aware of all of those. And then another thing to keep in mind.
The data set, for example, the tools, for example, you're looking at from the party and outside, there are not many. The reason for that is this use case, the similarity of what you're in within the semiconductor domain. I can name, there would be less than 50 enterprise-level organizations who would need this problem statement. Out of that, I'm not sure, like, how many would have already worked on it or are working on it. So the training of the model is from specific enterprise cases. And as we speak, it's being developed, as we all know.
So nobody has a solution. It's very unlikely within this small space of semiconductor and back to in biops and back to maybe think of LAM. It's very hard to find a tool that somebody's already cracked. Very, very unlikely. Oh, yes. As I can guarantee you, our competitors don't call their virtual locations the same thing we do. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. And that's where it's going to be, from our understanding, it's going to be very, very specific for LAM and each one to have their own programming.
And you don't want to train somebody else's data, especially public, be it even Microsoft or any other. So it has to be very specific. So all of that we are doing, and I think since Colin comes from that background, he understands that proprietary nature very well.
So one thing before I get too far out of myself, because I can jump all the way down to some of the architecture. So one thing that should be known is that for model fine tuning, so be very careful there. If you don't have a well-labeled, highly reliable data set that's fairly large, there's no point to fine tuning. There's no perceivable benefit that you'll get from it. If you do see a benefit from it, it's probably just some overfitting and usually some operator biases in there too.
And that's an easy thing for us to show. So that's a good place to start, to kind of prove the concept to you, even, that for model fine-tuning, when we talk about gen AI, it's not meaningful if you have only a couple hundred or even a couple thousand. We're talking a much larger scale when it comes to gen AI, because it's proportional to the number of parameters in a model. For it to be statistically meaningful to alter that model in any way.
For instance, you know, there's a lot of YouTube videos out there. Here's, you know, take 2,000 examples of your own writing and fine-tune the language model. Most of that is very superficial and won't give you those deeper results. And I'll use one word here, which is transfer learning. Essentially, whenever we train a model, we only know this much. There's only this much that's actually in the training set. And certainly in your case, that's true.
We can't cover every possible variation of every possible thing, especially going forward. There might be more that comes up that we've never seen before. Transfer learning describes the model's performance on those things. Transfer learning doesn't mean that, but it means how the model can perform on things that are similar to what it knows, but not exactly. If I know how to do this, for instance, I know how to drive a car, can I drive a truck? Of course I can. That's transfer learning in our own lives. But that still requires a decent enough data set to go.
But certainly for fine-tuning a model or training a language model, that is something that you need to have a lot more content with which to train. With machine learning, it's a lot more low-level because there's a lot less complexity of those models, frankly. But for language models in general, there's usually a combination of approaches that we can use that are far more effective. And whenever you see, we'll talk about architecture later.
But whenever you see the approach, I think it'll make sense. Because I think, Brad, you're 100%, right? It's layers of an onion, is how I describe. You don't want to go with the heavy hitter first, but you also don't want to go overly simplistic either. So heavy hitter would be send everything to a language model. You can't do that. It doesn't scale. The costing doesn't make sense, and performance isn't great. On the other side of the fence, not everything can be rejected because it doesn't have contextual awareness, and you end up with this kind of pick and choose approach.
I'll show later on in this once we get through a little bit more what that looks like on our end what we've done before that that does work in this exact scenario and I think that'll probably agree with your intuition here. I just want to also like compliment I think the team and brand overall like you already 18 months ago tried it out so you really really compared to some all the other
organization that is scaled to have not been even still figuring out they're just looking for somebody else to make a tool. So doing it in person I think that's a really good thing and I think you're investing also definitely it's going to give you long-term benefits rather than just keep waiting for others to do it and then kind of use that because that was not worth in this case for sure. I can already see that so and I also wanted to highlight again calling itself we have already been in this for a while so compared to any other partners.
Very well-versed and very competent. We have done it internally for V1 itself. We have our own tool. Colin has already well done a lot of interface. So I want to make sure there is synergy there as well. Sorry, go ahead. So I just want to make sure that I have a stop at 2.30. I'm not sure how much you guys were going to cover today. So just time to check. I need to speed up on my end in order to get through this. Yeah.
Okay, I'll go quick. I think this one defining success, we got some good idea. We can talk about that more in detail at that time. But in general, I think that one was for false positive rate, you know, above 95%, or less than 5%, I should say. For the other metrics, we can define those. I think that false positive rate, though, was the one that stood out. Everything else, like you said, F1 score, you know, accuracy, recall, precision.
You know, those are kind of all co-related in a way. So those are things that are always there for any system. But as long as the point I made earlier where your ground truth, the fundamental accuracy of your training set determines what the ceiling is for your outcome, that is the most important thing to understand for this. But let me move on here.
which is to say the peripheral concept target. If we want to stick with the existing case, I think that's actually, you pick the right exact type of thing, which is accessibility. An easy place to start, don't boil the ocean, don't kneecap yourself too early because you can't access the data. That's always the biggest problem for...
say enterprise level AI applications since they can't access the data you know IT for whatever reason doesn't want us to give a language model access to a database in production a crazy concept but you guys already picked the right one but so this I'll at least show this for a moment as I go forward can I safely assume that we're going to keep that use case in mind or did the goalpost shift to something else in this past 18 months?
No, I think it makes sense to do it on the same approach with the same stuff with the same Goals so we can compare I do want to say like I mentioned the beginning we started with just a reduction use case and it developed and this data set and the ultimate and and application of the detection
is using this data. So this actually will be able to use the same data to prove out both with action and in action. Yeah, absolutely. And you're certain about that, or do you want to still maybe go over it? Because then once we move forward on that, then that's the proof of concept. Can I ask you why you're asking that question? I think there could be a lot of other use cases that you might have in the list. I understand the benchmark part of it, or at least have that.
but in case you want to see another which is already maybe that has come up on our dating files something has higher priority that you also want to see how the impact is there. So I just want to make sure certainty is there and agreement is there so it's not something that's just coming up right now is what I want to give you. I mean it doesn't actually. Not go up itself but then you feel okay in the retrospect okay because it should not be a quick decision so we can obviously. You're asking for files.
I'm just trying to understand, in general, is the question around whether we're going to take a text versus a document, or is the question if we pick the right system? I think both. Because I think Colin wanted to, again, Colin, you can talk about it. So how you want to pick on it was an important aspect, too. So I'll answer your question from my perspective.
To me, if we can prove we can edit simple text or detect, why go any higher, right? This is the simplest, most straightforward use case. We tried it ourselves, we couldn't achieve the result.
Well, we're not going to scale something we can't do on a simplistic basis, right? And I know this is not based on what Colin is describing. We looked at it maybe a little bit too simplistically, more than anything. But still, it's a simple case, just from a business perspective. Good. And my perspective on that, if we're setting up an architecture that is scalable and extensible, then we'll be able to prove out those other use cases as we improve future iterations.
So instead of boiling the ocean right out of the gate, let's focus on meeting the initial use case. Agree. And just so we know, the very first thing, that's why I said earlier, it truly doesn't matter if it's text, if it's documents, whatever. The very first thing I'm going to do if you give me a document is convert it to text.
One way or another, it's going to happen. Exactly. Ultimately, that's what large language models do, right? They OCR everything first, then they do stuff. Yeah. Hopefully, it didn't sound dismissive. That's why I said it like that because it doesn't matter at the end of the day. Yeah. Okay. I think for this one, these ones I can go pretty rapid fire because this one, the first one, I think we have it well covered.
what the application does and who uses it where it sits, that's fine. This, what feeds into it, also clear. The five fields, and again, it doesn't really matter what these are, in terms of the format they arrive to us, and part of our job is going to be to figure that out anyway. This one is important, which is the...
what sense of content could be present in these things. I think this is where we can take from what the existing work was, and certainly improve it, certainly help to do that auto-labeling. Brad, to your earlier point, there are tools out there that can help with it, but to be honest with you, every single time I've ever had to do one of these, I've spent probably less than a day to build something myself.
That's why I haven't needed a commercial tool. The only one that is, you know, contrary to that is in computer vision applications using something like RoboFlow. It's really, really helpful if you're doing manufacturing for defect recognition, for example. But everything else, these are actually pretty quick to build just for that use case. But from here on to know what kind of sensitive information would be included there. We don't have to install it right now.
but that'll give us some goalposts to go from. And even seeing what the press work was, it's going to be very helpful there. For volume and scale, I don't think this is, and to the other points here, I think this is something that we should worry about, but not worry about too much for a POC. We can always optimize, we can always make this faster. The way that we host it has a huge impact on this, but getting a general idea of how much
information is flowing through the system can help us to tell you you know yep we could do it you know in Azure yep we could do it on prem hybrid or are we dreaming if we want to do it on prem based upon volume and scale requirements. So again not an important answer today but something just to think about because we'll need to know after the POC from a technical environment that does matter for the POC.
what the preference is. And I can certainly share the thoughts on Azure versus on-prem versus a hybrid setup, but this one will matter definitely for the POC, because we can do it any which way you want. It's possible in all three, but the difference here is number one for Azure, it's the same as when you chose the application. Do you have access to deploy things on Azure? If not, non-starter for POC, unless you want us to do it on our side, which we certainly could.
And in that case, we'd have to go on-prem. So for you, I guess, for the sake of a POC, is there a preference if you'd want to do it on Azure, if you have the ability to deploy things on Azure, for instance, with AI Foundry? Or do you want to stick with an on-prem for a POC? It's Azure, right? So by the way, from the last project, we've only partially spun down the old environment, so we still have access to it, please.
Some of, I don't know if we stand on full envelope side of things, but audit aid stuff is all up and running where actually we just disabled the hourly jobs and that's it. So that environment is full out. So we already have kind of the environments we could even use for this. And they have data, hourly data retrieval jobs that could get data out of the system that we use for. And again, just to clarify, when you say on premises,
I have a different definition for that when I think about our customer fads and Edge AI and small language models. So that's what I think of as on-premises. I know that AI Foundry has compatibility with Edge AI and these small language models. So if we're moving forward with this recommendation, again, try to communicate compatibility or incompatibility with that type of model, just so we know what we're getting into. Sure. So I'll give the very quick answer to that. This one we can definitely talk about in as much detail as you want. Definitely separately or next time, whatever we want.
On-prem, the only time I'm ever going to recommend on-prem is in two scenarios exclusively. One, if you're in healthcare or manufacturing and this is critical to production and you need this to run 100% of the time. That's the only real motivation for on-prem on one side.
The second is from a security compliance, if there's anything ITAR or military related where you have a specific thing. For instance, when we were doing FedRAMP, it had to be on-prem, it couldn't not be. There's no actual reason to use small language models unless you're doing on-prem. They're actually more expensive to run on cloud infrastructure, to be honest with you, and the performance is way lower than normal models.
So I love them. I'm a big proponent of hugging face. I contribute all the time on hugging face. But in reality, unless there's a real business reason that you guys tell us, hey, we need to use SLMs and we have to do it on prem, then I'm probably not going to even look at them in their direction. And this is exactly why I was bringing this up. Because if at any point we want to cleanse the data before it's making its way back into the enterprise,
And we still want to run cleansing within the enterprise as well. Depending on how that data is getting captured in the customer clean room, we can actually go through an approval process with the customer in their data out policy prior to ingestion getting into the enterprise. So if we're moving forward or with whatever model we're moving forward with, we need to be very clear around whether we're supporting SLMs or not.
So I can say, well, again, so we did pick one of the hugging face, right? I remember Flair was the one that we picked. To me, I have a different definition of on-prem. So to me, on-prem is not a disconnect, and it's rather running on the server at our data center versus being on cloud.
Yeah, that's how I understood. No, I understand what Daniel was saying. That is not on-prem versus Azure. That's to me disconnected environment, right? That's FAP specific deployments. That's direct FAP specific. That is not in scope right now. If we decide to do this, that would be...
extension of this. So that is something that architecturally or even if we pick stuff that we want to keep in consideration because that could be a future thing for this, right? Because what you're talking about is like like MABC, right? Which is MA Data Center, getting the E10 data out.
Right, because that's a big EI project right now. But getting data out and then loading it into a large language model is still possible. I think the small language model would come in. If you prove to the customer that you don't have the recipe, their yield data, very sensitive IIP stuff that's been cleansed, that you're just taking the tool data that can be shared.
So the only thing I'm going to say, you're talking about structured data because rest of the data today could be easily segregated out of the data you don't need machine learning. This is for unstructured data. If there are escalations that are captured in the FAB and we need to be able to get documentation or, but I think in the essential time, I think this is much more. So this is an opportunity. If it's unstructured data,
fully agree but if it's structured inside of let's say tool file that that's what we will call the structured data that is easily segregateable elements that we could just remove before grabbing color we can what we'll need to call out the strategies around model parity or model training there thinking about these different types of environment exactly i think then the technical environment specifically itself is a very elaborate so i think this would need a much more deeper scenario than again colin can come up with
a variety of scenarios and point of discussions. But we can say we're going to just do the action. Yes. So I'll say this. I'll say this. I think we have really three, because we're not talking about on-prem versus this. So Michael, I agree. So one case, you're talking about AirGapped. Anytime Edge device is written, you're talking about AirGapped. Then you're talking about true on-prem, which is there's a server running that's hosting the models on-premise, which, to be honest, that doesn't usually make sense in terms of cost or maintenance.
and then you have cloud-based, which is going to use one of the hyperscalers. So what I would say is for the POC's sake, so if we're talking about architecture that has to be air gapped, that's a totally different conversation than this. Even for cleansing, that's still totally different. All I would ask is just tell me what you want me to shoot for here. Focus on the cloud for the primary use case, but discussions in future thinking about how to achieve parity between those air gapped files as well.
which we can call and call disconnected for the future so that there is no confusion. We call disconnected and then on-prem and then... Okay. Okay. So then representative data, this is where really what we're getting into is we're going to at some point have to have some idea of what good and bad looks like, right? And this could be the already existing stuff that they already had.
This can be something where we can help you. Like I said earlier, it takes me usually less than a day to build something that can do this auto categorization with some human in the loop aspect to it. Whatever we want to do here, we still, this is probably the biggest entry point bottleneck that we'll have on our end. So it's just a matter of getting the content that would be reliably or reasonably fed into the system that we're going to be using to test on.
So we can help you, of course, to form that set. We just need kind of the rules of the road as to what's good, what's bad. We can certainly take that action on our end to categorize if we need to. But this is really something just to think about. Does this data exist? If so, is it accessible? If so, is there any problem with us seeing it for the sake of a POC? So just have this in mind. And again, I'll share this out with everyone at the end. I'm going to keep going just because I'll run out of time here for the rest.
I'm just going to say, like I said, we still have a tool to do this thumbs up, thumbs down. To me, even those five fields, I would treat them as the same thing, right? Because it's just five tax fields. So I think we have about a thousand.
Which is a thumbs up, thumbs down. Okay. So thumbs up, thumbs down. This is why he's talking really bad. I think it's not a pre-pose. It's a continuous loop. It's just the more you have, the better your data is. Yeah, that's right. That's right. So that would suffice, Colin, or would we need more on that?
I think the best thing to do is, remember earlier, so what we would do is, if we take that, we can do then that statistical analysis that's just an exploratory data analysis, which is to say, how similar is the data among the classes? How consistent is it within one class? And then we can say, is this enough, or is this going to be something that's not enough based on what happens? But that's something we can tell you with certainty from EDA. So I do have a question on this, and probably I don't want to divert it.
Because when you say this good or bad data, does it help flag the entire thing? Or does it help flag contextually the actual violating test? Excellent question. So it depends upon how much work you want to do. So I'll give you three tiers. So because you actually gave an extra one. So tier one is just the let's say the word itself. And as you correctly said, it doesn't have context. So you might end up with a lot of false positives there.
Tier 2 is to say this text plus the document that contained it. Nothing else. No human labeling, no explanation as to why. But that does give more context because you're saying this word was a problem within this document context. What that context is, up for the model to figure out. But that's one. Tier 3 is where you actually are giving some kind of a human judgment call. This text was bad in this document because of this.
That's the most work, but by far the most valuable, especially for language model training. You don't have to give any of those. Usually that category two is the most accessible because you'll know usually what the file name was at the bare minimum and what the thing was flagged. If I have those two, I can access that document. As long as those documents are accessible, we can usually get enough out of that contextually speaking in order to help aid training. Of course.
Tier 3 is the most coveted, but also the most worked for sure. So we don't have to do that. And that's what our problem was. One for number 3, right off the bat. Right, right. Yeah, usually number 2 first, and then within number 2, you subset of that to get number 3. We'd be definitely one for first.
So let me tell you this next part, I'll go through this quickly. This one I know there's going to be a lot of questions, but I think let me make sure I don't have any other items that we'll want to talk about. I think we're okay right now. So here's where this goes back to what Brad was saying earlier and where I kept saying like layers of an onion. The answer is not rejects or ML or Genia. It is a tasteful combination of different things.
So, for instance, if you are using something that has a Regex capability, absolutely you can do it with Regex. It's a simple Python script, right? But there's also enterprise tooling for that, like Microsoft Purview. There is a big advantage to this.
Because if you can go the enterprise-type solution, what you are going to lose out on is the maintenance burden of this. And having a system that's connected from day one, that is a huge advantage, especially as you go forward. Usually, from an engineering perspective, I've lived it myself. We build a really cool thing. It's in POC mode. Suddenly, it's in production, as we like to call it. It's still the POC, but it's got a production stamp on it now.
But then over time, the system starts to drift or fall apart or, you know, someone gets promoted because she did such a good job on this POC. Using things like Purview, which is essentially like imagine RidgeX at scale and distributed across applications is really helpful for that. So you don't end up duplicating effort across these different apps that you have, as well as freeing up the engineering team from needing to maintain things or rebuild them or redeploy them. So the first layer of this is what I call is the deterministic layer.
This is where things like any of the rule-based approaches, rejects approaches, this is where they fall into. The idea here is these are the least cost-heavy. And I say cost in terms of both resources, in terms of financial, and also in terms of compute. But basically saying, I'm going to flag this in some text, in a document, whatever it might be. I'm going to flag this. And I'm going to say, this probably has something here. Now, if I would stop here.
you're going to hit that same wall you already hit. Which is to say, unless the data is very highly separable between the classes, you're still going to hit a ceiling for how accurate you can be. Because you're always going to be playing catch-up. You know, it's the, I would say, the lock maker and the thief analogy. The thief learns how to pick the lock, the lock maker makes a better lock. Thief learns to pick the lock, and so on we go forever. It's the same thing here. You're always going to have more examples to add on to this.
So that's why that approach is suggested. Now that could be a simple lookup table like what you might have already tried. That can be pattern matching. That can be any which way you want to go. That will flag things to you. That does not make a decision. That just simply says, this looks suspicious. Think of this like when you're at the airport, you're going through the scanner, something gets flagged in your bag. The machine doesn't say whether or not that's harmful or not unless it's a very obvious violation. It passes it to the human for a second round of judgment.
That's the same thing that happens here. The second wave is the heavier wave, the thing that costs more in terms of resource and in terms of actual money, which is AI. Now, when I say AI, that means ML as well as Genia. The idea is, imagine this like we're falling through an inverted pyramid, a funnel. So if you start out with the deterministic things that are very fast, very cheap, I already know I can ignore 80% here. So now my problem just got cut down by a very large amount.
pass it to the ML models or NLP models more specifically that you might want to have. In those cases, those are still cheaper, and those could be run on-prem. Those are easy to host, something like sentence transformers as well, or even just the techniques within NLP space. So things like TFIDF, for example. You can use these to your advantage so that you save in terms of speed and as well as cost. The last is to say, okay, my rule-based approach flagged this.
my ML approach does agree or maybe it disagrees, but it's not quite certain. Let's give it to the gen AI model next for the final one. And the reason why this is different is that this is intentionally linear. So the problem with, I think, what might have been tried earlier, which is give it the same thing to three models and see if they agree. That's a modified take on mixture of experts, which is probably if it's 18 months ago, that was the hot architecture of that time with Mistral MOE.
But the reason why that doesn't work is because you're essentially saying that all three of these have an equal chance of being right. So if they're not all equal, well then that's a biased group that you're having judged and it does matter as the content as well. This type of an approach where it's linear, each gate results in a higher accuracy as a result and it also is more efficient than any one of those on its own.
And it's not to say you always need all three. In most cases, it's generally enough to have role-based plus gen AI for those edge cases. But that's at a high level the take on this. That's what has worked. That's something that's extremely scalable. For myself, at Coherent, this was something that 40,000 people are using every day. And that's something that also got deployed to aerospace and defense. It works on-prem. It works in the cloud. It works even on air gap devices, too. So this is a very proven type of approach to this problem.
I didn't go into the Azure part that's right down below this, but I'll pause here for questions on anything related. My main question was, so basically, and this is just from my understanding, so when you said hugging face, and that's a small language model, and then transformers, like in our case, spaCy, that's an NLP model? That's correct, that's correct. So we just literally picked like a hodgepodge of stuff and then stuck a reject on top of that as well.
Okay, got it. No, no, just clarifying. Yeah, okay But yes, so and that's that's the reason so if you do one of those It probably has some level of accuracy. It's really like if you were to multiply probabilities together That's essentially what you would get if you combine those without a structured approach to it Yeah, and again Azure AI on top of that. That's now LLM. So so we just basically accidentally pick
literally every single thing, one of each. It's everyone does it. So yeah, it's okay. No, that's fine. I don't have any people better. Okay. I wasn't the one picking it. I'm coming in from the business side of things. I'm just confirming what I just heard like Colin talked about and I like picked up on some of the acronyms and I was like, okay, that makes sense.
And even for Transformers, so Transformers is the architecture that is the backbone for pretty much everything except for the IBM models. So probably what you try was sentence Transformers, if I had to guess, as well. I mean, it was spacey, it was... Yeah. So let me go next here. So let's say that you want to do this at scale.
Right, because this is good, and this is good even as a, you know, an interim solution for a single application. Let's say you want to... So, Colin, Colin, I'm sorry. So, we've got about 10 minutes, because we're going to have to turn about our file 230. In this room? In this room. So, what do we need to align on today when we kind of end the call? So, I just want to make sure, do we need to spend the next 10 minutes discussing that, or what are the next steps?
That's the best. As soon as we call in all the way. Call in all the way. What if you want? Please do not take that call. What do you think? So I think we got a lot of questions answered today. I think for us next steps depend on number one if I'll write all this up that we talked about today but taking notes. So I'll write all this up that we talked about today and we'll send it back as a proposal for the POC. I think from your end what we would need is number one
Just a thumbs up, thumbs down on that, you know, our own training. The second would be if that's a thumbs up to kind of get us started. So for instance, getting access to the data, having that technical discussion, you know, maybe seeing the current application would be a really good point if we want to continue.
and then looking at what kind of access we would need in order to deploy things. I don't know. I think everyone here but me has a LAM ID for things. But if we wanted to do things, that would also be something that would be a great thing to do early. But again, I won't force that. It's up to you if you want to continue with us after you see that proposal. But at the same time, we're ready to go as soon as you want. So really, to me, it's...
As long as our understanding is correct and you agree with that, then the next would be getting access to these things and then defining the scope, getting started. So that's really important to say. Pauline, would you be also sharing the timeline, like, on what that would be? Yes, so far.
So timeline for POC, we can do it. I will give the big asterisk of it's based upon what we understand right now. So until we get hands-on data and things, I always say it's a tentative timeline. For POC, we usually aim for about a two-week turnaround, but that is contingent upon both having good access to the data. I usually say from the date that we have the access that we need two weeks, and the second would be
making sure that that data is not you know loaded up with landmines which in this case it does not sound like it's going to be at all but as long as those two are true we should be able to aim for about two weeks but as soon as we see what we have in front of us we'll be able to tell you perfectly. That also goes the benefit of the POC is we can tell you what the full scale would look like too.
So we'll have enough of an idea when we see POC. We can say at least for that whole application what that timeline could look like as well for a full scope engagement. Yeah I just was wondering so how long before you guys send a proposal over with that because I guess I'm just trying to understand because I'd like to see that obviously I understand you talked about POC running for about two weeks or maybe it just based on the learning.
and what you guys look at and so forth. I anticipate, right, that there's gotta be an SLW put in place, because Lamb loves to, well, they love to get to report, but I think that we put all things through when they go, right, make sure that there's like nothing in there that they don't.
think that we're going to trip over. But usually everything goes pretty smoothly, right? Because we've been doing this, well, we've had other engagements in other areas so long it seems to just flow through with paperwork, right? But we still need to do that. That usually takes a week or so, right? So I'm just wondering when you guys will be able to come back with that proposal, be able to look at it, and then get an SLW and so forth in place for it.
I think I just need the timeline from Colin, based on today's session, to give that. And I think usually the leader has always been very good and kind, because we never have asked for a blind check. So we are going to have that very clear, definitive thing there. The only thing is the timeline I need from Colin, the commandment, since he's going to be running the entire POC. I'm going to work with him right after this, get that timeline. And Colin, maybe when can we get the proposal itself? You can send that in.
So a proposal will be good for me. I'd say the fastest that I'm going to be able to get it is probably tomorrow. The longest that I'm going to need is Friday. But I would say, you know, with all things good, unless Tree falls and hits my car on the way home, I'm going to shoot for tomorrow for you. Because I'd love to get this kicked off as soon as we can. I think not to rush in the corner. My recommendation is Friday, if that's okay, we'll do that. If we can have it this week, that'd be great. This week, we could say.
Yeah, and also just consideration when it comes to timelines if there are any dependencies on other teams within my... Yeah, I think that is going to be there. And we have already seen that in some of those cases earlier. So one thing I think which Colin has highlighted is a lot of times you get into this like wall with other teams, especially data like who are the custodians of a variety of things, then a lot of the capability can be developed in-house within your office, right?
We can help remove those barriers. It's just if they have other priorities that they're actively executing, it's hard to interrupt those. The majority of this outside of a Milux is Orion, so just FYI. They're working on COS, so it's not that the team is not capable, it's a small team working on a supercritical project. I should be able to do some of it, but some things will require Orion's attention from a
data side reactions. We don't solve them right now. No, no, no. I think in terms of communicating type. We just need to know what is needed and then we can look at, okay, how do we make that manage? Yeah.
Sure, so I think the idea is, no, we know you have to walk. They have matches, I'm like, me too. We're all good, so the action items that we're going to work on the PC, get you the placeholder, and once you have that click, whatever you see you like, and we can move from there, and then as soon as the legal is executing it, and then we get the answers and good work from there. Okay, sounds good. Now I know Friday and Monday, so I will take a look at it.
Yeah, so I think by the following Friday, at least we get a thumbs up or down or anything. Yeah, I think by next week, if only I had it on Friday, next week before I didn't be able to. Alright, sounds good. Okay, sounds good. Alright.
Paulin, thank you for your time. Sorry to bless. We just have a hard stuff. I wish I could have been late a couple of minutes. Thanks. Thank you. So nice to meet you. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks.


