Go for it.
So, hi, Srinivas.
If the team is there, you can say hi, Srinivas, and so-and-so people, or you can just say hi, Srinivas and team.
Really nice to meet all of you.
I'm really excited to work with you all.
I'm Nuneetha Mani.
I'm an AI solutions engineer.
So, to give a bit about my background, I have worked on ML, DL side, agentic AI.
And I've also worked in air flows.
So that was one of our day-to-day jobs in my previous organization.
And before coming here, I worked as a senior data scientist and also have experience in L2 and L3 protocols.
To talk about my academic side, I've done my bachelor's in computer engineering from College of Engineering, Pune.  and master's in computer science from Santa Clara University with specialization in data science.
And to give a bit about my person background, I like to read books.
I do love to spend time with my family.
I love cooking as well.
And definitely I'm looking forward to knowing more about the team and take our project to the next level.
Thank you so much.
Very good.
Very good.
So I have a small amount of feedback, but overall, really nice.
So I think the only thing that I would probably add in a little bit here is whenever you're first calling out the main areas and topics of work, the two things that you're going to want to do.
So rather than just saying ML and data science and those things.
OK.
So call those out.  but then say especially using X to do Y.
You see what I mean?
So for instance, for certain of us for this project, definitely Airflow is certainly a great deal of interest to him.
Definitely things with machine learning, especially remember that a big part of this has to do with classification, entity resolution, log analysis.
So you definitely have some experience with those things.
So you could even call out, like, a experience in MO and NLP, you know, including, you know, a focus in what you were doing sometimes with, like, even with BERT and named entity recognition, I believe, in the past.
Okay, yeah.
So, like, if you call that out, it's almost like whenever you talk about school, you say, like, with a specialization in X, doing that tells them more than just, you know,  AIML, but also like how specifically they'd give to interact and work with you.
Cool, okay.
So you don't have to do the whole thing, but why don't you try again with that part?
Or we can go over to a streetcar and give you some time to think, whatever you prefer.
Yeah, just give me a few minutes.
I've been networking on images and tests before.
I started like building, creating datasets and going up until the inference part.
I take every part of it as a challenge and try to go in deep and try to understand what happens in it.
I tried building out systems from start to end.
I've been working on different areas like computer vision, space, and on the enterprise level with the SAP data and Oracle data as well.
Major like I'm just starting to like try to try to solve the problems which Which keeps me pushing my limits all the time Yeah, but from this I usually play involved in back-end sports and keep active myself all the time  Yeah, this is tougher than a day.
That's okay, that's why I am here.
So let me give you some things here.
So first, don't forget to introduce yourself, and when you introduce yourself, always remember to tell your position.
So that's one.
The second is whenever you lead in, so I think kind of the opposite with Namita.
So, you know, she gave those kind of high-level categories.
I think yours was focusing more on what you were working with rather than the technologies themselves.
So what I would say for your side, and the same for Namita, think about what's relevant for what we're doing at Cisco.
So it's okay to bring up things like vision, but bring those up last.
So, for instance, specific to this rule, that's definitely relevant for you.
Number one is MCP.
Number two is agentic workflows.
And so, don't just say, like, I do MCP, but, you know, MCP, you know, and I've, you know, completed several projects, you know, for instance, for you, I think it was a decorative-based tool registry.
So, that's what I mean.
So, you can name the technology at a high level, then pick one specific  implementation and then say, you know, what you did with it.
That's, you don't have to go exhaustive, you know, usually pick your top three, and for for both of you, I think it's pretty easy.
But I wouldn't go too much into like, calling out the like, you know, making data sets or things like that, because he's going to say, well, great, but what about for this project?
So, and now I say this, I know both of you are perfect for this project, because otherwise, you know, I picked this team very carefully in that way.
But for him, that's where he's going to want to know.
So for instance, I definitely would talk about MCP.
I would definitely talk about agentic AI systems.
And just in a couple of words, on the MLOps side, you can call out some of those things too, so experience with Docker Kubernetes and using that to build and to end applications.
That is a great thing because that's effectively exactly what we're doing here today.  at Cisco.
So a good way to work in for a vision aspect is to say, like you said, always up for a challenge.
I'm really good at that.
But you can say, I first started out in vision, and now I'm in this wonderful world of language models and Gen AI space.
So really excited to stay on top of the bleeding edge of things and bring all these skills to Cisco's project.
Yeah, that's the biggest part for it.
Like I said before, it's like if you go on a date and it's been a long time, then you're rusty.
But I don't know if I should say if you go on a lot of dates.
I don't know if that's a good thing or bad thing.
But once you go on, quote, a lot of dates, then this becomes very easy.
That's why we're practicing now.
So don't feel any bad about it.
So yeah, so just think about those things and then we can go back to Namida and then we'll go back to you after.
So whenever you're ready to meet it, you can go again.
And just so you know, I'm not going to sit here and say, you know, you have to talk for five minutes.
It has to be perfect.
I just want to know that those core items are good.
Yes.
I shouldn't have asked.
Good afternoon.
Really nice to meet you.
I'm Namita Vani, AI Solutions Engineer.
To give you a bit about my background, I have worked on various machine learning and deep learning projects, including classification, clustering, fine-tuning LLMs.
Also, I have worked on agent AI systems, and over the period of time in all this project, I have handled the workflow from start to the end, getting the requirements, modeling, as well as productionizing it.
Also utilized and improved my degree activities in all my projects.
And to give you more about my academic background, I have done my bachelors in computer science from College of Engineering and Engineering, and master's in computer science from Santa Clara University, especially my vision and data science.
Also, I would like to know that before.
Working as a senior data scientist, I've also worked on L2 and L3 part of books.
And I'm really looking forward to work with you on the team.
I can take this project to the next level.
And I'm going to give you more of my personal advice on all of my hobbies or some interests.
I really like cooking.
I love to spend time with my family.
I call it walks, read books.
I am super excited to...  meet you, talk with you, and take this project to the next end.
Thank you.
Very good.
Very good.
So exactly what I wanted to hear with the bringing the projects in.
So like you said, name the technology, name the higher level next item, and then give something specific.
You did that great.
And that's great.
So I think my only thing, and you don't have to go again, don't worry.
My only thing that I would...
So, I would definitely not be nervous about sharing on for airflow.
The way that you said it was great, because that makes it through your practitioner.
You're not just someone who can know the word airflow and just throws it on the resume.
But, you know, just even...
Can you talk more about the dimes for me?
Like, what mysteries and dimes for every project that we have?
So the unique thing that you have here is that you have airflow combined with something that's in the data science in the middle of space.
You know, so like for instance, if I'm, as long as I'm remembering this right, too.
So most people know airflow just for ETL and orchestration.
But I think, what was it?
My memory is not the best, but I think you have one that is like a DB scan clustering and identity recognition type thing.
It was an NLP project.
Yes, yes, yes.
So if you combine that, whatever you say, like instead of just, you know, I was day-to-day, you know, using Airflow for work, including, you know, for orchestration background for NLP pipelines,
that's a very good way to say that.  because that will tell him, hey, this person not only are they using a tool in my sack, but they're using it in a way that makes sense and is relevant to me that I might not have known that tool could be used.
So that's a good thing.
That's why I leave you.
So don't be shy.
You kind of flex your muscles a little bit whenever there's something you're confident on.
Don't feel like you have to just get only a few words out.
People like Strenovost, they are more than likely going to interrupt you at some point.
So it's good to kind of have these things ready to go.
Because that way if you get interrupted you can kind of keep it moving and not feel like you're reading from over to the script.
I'm sure I think some people are going to look after them.
Sounds good.
Much better, much better.
Alright, so are you ready for round two?
Yeah, definitely.
As she knows, this is Srikar.
She did a lot of cool and, I mean, a lot of things like AI internet.
I did well systems and then I moved on AI platform with handling all the tool calling using the NCP and creating like custom data and like using that for the systems.  using all the vector, vector storages along with, along with regular DB storages.
And I worked on Azure cloud platforms as well as like on device, on print systems.
So yeah, based on the initial thought, like this is the deep, deep side at least, like I really liked the vision you had.
And it's very interesting to, to that.
And yeah, my interest started being active and trying to solve problems wherever I can.
And I keep pushing my limits all the time.
Awesome.
OK.
So only two things here.
One, just make sure.
And you don't have to.
I honestly really like the deep site mention.
That's good.
At the end, don't be afraid to say something, you know, about you, even, you know, from...
Oh, yeah, sorry.
No, no, no, no, don't worry, don't worry.
We're all on a work date, let's say that.
So, you know, so don't forget that part.
And that's okay.
So if you forget that, it's not a big deal.
It's just a matter of ending on that note.
The reason why I like to bring that is because usually people's personalities, you have a different personality from most people at home than you do at work.
So this lets them kind of see the other side, which is good.
So that's the way people end up really liking and getting along with people at work is because they know more about them than just what you do for work.
Other than that, so much better with MCP this time.
On some of the other ones, if you just go and throw out some of the specifics, you'll be in good shape.
So you already did better this time.
But even so, instead of saying all the vector databases.  say like working with, you know, a number of vector databases for the back end such as, you know, Face, Panko, Milvus, things like that.
And even for like the AI frameworks and AI systems, the first question he's going to say is like, what frameworks, what systems?
So you can say like, especially using things or platforms like Landgraph or Landchain to build a genetic systems.
And also, from that, building in the tool column, guardrails, and the MCP servers that are needed for the apps.
But very nice mention for DeepSight.
That's a very good idea.
It gets you the brownie points with certain vests.
Just like it's on a date, you know, you just complimented someone's hair shoes.
So this is the...
And I think for both of you.
Now, I don't remember, you know, it's been a long time since I've looked at either of your resumes.
But two things, if you haven't said them, let me call out in my mind what I think are the best technologies for this.
First of all, the whole project title is CICD.
So if there's anything that you've done in the CICD space, that is definitely something that's prior experience that's going to resonate with certain things.
Now, you do not need to make it sound like you've only done CICD.
This is where, you know, I do a lot of coaching for people for, you know, applying for new jobs, especially new grads.
And, you know, the thing that, without fail, people do when they're applying for the very first job is they say, I am specifically exactly what you asked for in the job description.
You know?
And the check is, though...
Sometimes that's true, but usually someone like me or Srinivas are going to want to see, yes, you add a lot of value to this project, but what's the X factor that makes you different than everyone else?
What else do you bring to the table?
So CICD, anything related to that is definitely there.
Of course airflow for Unimita is really great.
I think even mentioning things like distributed systems, even  Sugar, I can't remember.
Here, you had some exposure to Kafka at some point.
Yes, I have.
Yeah.
Yes.
So calling out those kind of specific things, they are recognizable to people in the software space.
Things like Kafka, things like Docker, things like Kubernetes.
Because the moment you mention those things,  You know, the way that my brain works and most people's brains work like this is to say, oh, this person, they're not just good at this.
They also are this very well-rounded, you know, person that has experience in these different things.
So that's a good thing to kind of show, you know, that you are, you know, way more than just saying, you know, I've done this, I've done that.
You can call out some of the specific tools and technologies in order to elevate further.
So I won't put either of you through pain unless you want to be put through one more time.
So if either of you want to go again, I'm happy to give feedback if you want more.
Much better already.
Two iterations, we're already 80% better.
But if you want to go another round, you're welcome to.
But if you don't, I understand.
These are not fun things, so if you don't want to, it's okay.
But I'm here to help you if you would like.
Yeah, I think I'll go a little more.
Sure, sure.
And like I said, every time you say it, it gets easier.
Can I say something about the detail, the document you shared?
Yeah, of course.
Of course.
That's good.
Because whenever he knows that, now the only thing is it's just like on a date.
So if you're going to bring it up, that means that you have to be able to say more than a little bit more about it.
Of course, you don't have to be an expert.
There's no way for you to be.
But it's like if you went to an author and you said, I love your book, and they say, oh yeah, what do you like about it?
Just have something in your mind ready to go for that, because that's the natural follow-up question.
But I think it's a good idea.
Okay.
So I'll give you another minute.
If you want to, you can.
You do not have to.
I'm not going to force anything like that.
Or if you want to do just one part of it, you can do that too.
Actually, I wanted more inputs on Airflow if you can provide me something.
Yes.
So what exactly I can say?
Because what I have done was used it for all the projects that we have implemented, but it was more for orchestration, but we haven't done clustering on the locks that we received.
So here, I think, I don't want to see any processes happening, so...
We create like build files, ready to build files and test data.
So here I think they are doing that testing using the Airflow.
Airflow logs.
Yeah, very good.
So usually like these testing will take, I think it might take time, maybe a few of them, like one hour and a few of them, like four days, five days.
So I think that...  they're doing that on the air flow, I must say.
Yes, yes.
So they are using air flow exactly the same.
They do it for large-scale orchestration across pipelines.
And that's a place where air flow works very well, naturally, for you.
And let me tell you what I remember, and then you can go through and just talk like,  You know, talk openly about it, don't talk like I'm straining about it, or talk like anything else, just talk like I'm up here.
Okay, so what I remember from this was using airflow for orchestration.
The reason why people use airflow in general, so let me, I'll walk even back to that level, and the same is true here.
First record for you, even yourself, when we're talking about vector databases.
Yeah, you know.  or anything else, this goes a long way.
Why would you even touch Airflow in the first place?
Well, that is you naturally bridging that gap between production and otherwise.
Otherwise, if it's something simple and small, why wouldn't I just make Python functions and say this function calls this function?
There is a scale that demanded you to use that.
There is a reason, a business reason for you to use that tool.  instead of something else.
And, you know, a street car for yourself, the same.
Like, even when we're talking about Azure, you know, there's a reason why you go to Azure and why you're not just doing something with Olama or Olama CPP.
So it's that that you want to kind of pull out of it, because you don't have to say, like, I was, you know, doing all this crazy work with, you know, ML embedded in Airflow.
But you can say that Airflow was the way...  that you were using to productionalize this.
Take something that's, you know, use the buzzwords that don't sound like buzzwords.
You know, a battle-tested system that brought extreme reliability to, you know, an already robust process and allowed for distributed task management and orchestration whenever the queue got bigger.
So that's...  you know, what you want to say with airflow, because you can bridge the gap into why this is relevant in this context.
So that's where I would go with airflow, is I would say, you know, you're a practitioner, here's what you were doing, here's why you were doing it that way, because that's always what people are going to want to know.
You know, think about, like, even interview with me.
You say, you know, I use land graph a lot, my next question is going to be to do what?
Right, that's what people want to know, you know, and why that over something simpler So that's that is the thing.
Of course, this is not an interview by any stretch But what I can do to help you is if you can jog my memory a little bit on this too if you just like I said talk Natural about what you were doing with airflow,
you know Any details are fine and that way I can help you refine that up into something you can say just really nice.
So  If you want to do that, you can go right ahead now and I can give you my thoughts after.  model running up and it had to be, it had to be scheduled such that it runs every four hours.
So we, for this, we, for inference process, mainly we used n-book so that automatically we'll have the model, inference model running every, at every hour or so given based on the project criteria.
And once we have done the production,  We were able to see the logs and also we could wanted the process by updating the log files.
I need to let me do all this.
It's okay.
Here.
Let me share.
Can you see my screen?
Yeah.
I've got the cheat codes for both of you.
Okay, so this was your section on airflow here?
Yes.
Okay, so this is where you want to go, so...
Oh, you want to go clustering?
Okay.
So here's where I would say, because you don't have to go into airflow as a standalone item.
So I'm going to make this up.
I have no idea in the specific details here, but I'm going to make this up.
You'll understand the pattern that I'm using.
A big part of my work has also been around using Apache Airflow to bridge the gap and try to bring scalable orchestration pipelines into my machine learning projects.
For instance, I had one that was around NLP and entity resolution, which did this...
I don't know the business case here, so I'll make something up.
It was a personal unification model here that used this to consolidate duplicate records across internal systems for this business reason.
I did this for this reason.
We started out with a system that did this.
We proved out the ML approach, but then it came time to scale it, and Airflow was able to solve that gap for us, and it has then become a very reliable tool in my toolbox.  as we go forward into the other projects as well.
So, you know, it's not a bad thing to, like even though I know you're trying to talk about airflow, bringing into what you were, the reason why you were using it, what drove that, that brings up a very important thing that is, you know,
important when you're talking about password, which is what I call as an engineering justification.
So, you know, you both have a really good engineering head on your shoulders, so.
When I mean engineering justification, it's almost like if I say, you know, hey, this steel beam, it needs to be reinforced.
And my answer back to you is, why?
The answer you give me back shouldn't be because I think it means reinforced.
It should be, well, boss, I did this calculation, and because the load on this is x, I feel that it would be better off if this got reinforced.
You know, because that's an actual engineering justification.
There's a real reason why you chose to do something this way.
And, you know, that is the most important thing.
Whenever people, even in interviews, are asking, it's not just to say, you know, have you touched this, but is there a good reason why you have?
Can I trust you to make design decisions?
And, you know, likewise I think for industry cars, so...
The same is over here.
Let me find another part of one of your roles.
So for instance, you know, MCP servers.
So you think about why.
Well, there was a business reason to do this.
There was a project that you needed to do that you needed to integrate in with a different system.
And you found MCP was the answer to that.
Even think about on our, you know, you don't have to go interview style on this and say things that sound like they're coming out of a can.
But why did you go with tool registry?
What was the motivation behind that?
How is that different?
What advantage did that give?
Or whenever you say end to end, start to finish for the workflows, going into why.
So basically when people want to know that, they want to know what your role is on the team.
What were you doing to make this happen?
So these things are good.
And even, you know, the vision part, you can bring up if you want to at the end.
The reason why I recommend doing that is not because there's a lot of vision in this project, but for two other reasons.
Number one, that can be part of your X-Factor.
Right?
So, what I mean is, my X-Factor is, if there's other projects that Serenivas has that would have any relation to that, it's good for him to know that he has people that he can ask about.  you know, more than just what we're saying for this project.
And it's also a good sign because that shows someone has the capability to know more than just what they need to know for this particular role.
So that's what I was trying to get at when I said, you know, when I coach people, especially on their first job, they'll give me a resume back that would be, you know, essentially a carbon copy of the job description.  because you know exactly what they did.
They fed it through to chat to PT, they made their resume based upon the job description, and everyone does it.
It's not a bad thing.
But the problem is that it cuts you into a very narrow person where you might have all this experience and all this depth of knowledge, but you're only talking about things that are matching up with the duty, which is the wrong approach.
So for this, for both of you, don't be scared to bring up some of the past work.
And even if things aren't directly related to the project, you can bring them up towards the end.
And when you do have things that are relevant for a project, don't try too hard to make them about the current work.
Be completely honest and straightforward, and it'll be way easier to talk to.
So don't feel like you have to retroactively  force your experience to be directly 100% overlap with this project, because it probably isn't.
But if you remain comfortable and confident when you're talking about it, that'll make it much easier, and it'll be more fluid as well.
Yeah, well, I'll try to let you off if you didn't do this, and I'll call it NCB and other keywords.
So I'll try to like...  keep those than I'm talking about.
Okay.
Awesome.
Alright.
Now, if anyone wants to go again, you can.
Otherwise, I can talk to you about the next part of this, but I'll leave one last chance to... not one last chance, but one last chance for today for going over kind of your talking points.
So if you want to, we can.
If not, that's okay too.
No problem, no problem.
So here's what I'll ask for the two of you.
Help each other out.
You know, Beth's feedback we get comes from other people.
So, you know, after we go through and do this, so just after we get off, just help each other out and you'll be in good shape for the car.
Yeah, I think we have to connect and we need to understand a little more of what our stance and what we have to put it out.
I think once after this call, we'll have some time to discuss and then we'll come up with a plan.
We'll make this date successful.
Okay, all good.
So, very last thing I wanted to show you both.
We aren't going to cover this too much in detail, but this is what you'll want to review before you meet this journey bus as well.
This is that HTML file that I'd sent in our team's chat, or not our team's chat, our WebEx chat.
So anytime you see HTML for me, just download it and open it, and it's nice and pretty.
Exactly.
I've got templates that generate these, so any meeting I have, these come out automatically for me.
So this introduces some of the people and what the rules are.
So it's good to read through this and understand everyone's rule.
Now, this one, of course, we're talking about.
He's going to ask about this.
We're going to make sure.
So Namita, for the record, you're completely correct.
I don't know how everyone else missed that one, to be honest, even me.
But it's the wrong link, the wrong URL.
It's a deprecated platform.
So there's no way that we could have taken the training to begin with.
We'll get this one cleared up with Srinivas today.
It's not a bad thing to explain to him, too, in case that it's still not resolved.
I've sent him a couple of messages at this point, but I know he's been in meetings today.
But that's a good thing.
So you're completely correct.
It is the new link.
I think it's called Skillshare.
The old link, learn.sysco.com, isn't correct anymore.
That one got deprecated at the end of January, so we can't even take any additional things.
So the three tasks that Srinivas wanted us to get started on, I'm just going to tell you about them.
And from both of your perspectives, you're getting started on them.
So that's the thing.
You don't need to go into detail.
You don't need to talk specifics.
A lot of these three are very simple, straightforward.
But I'll at least show you this.
So let me share my full screen so you can both see.
All right.
Can you see my screen?
Yes.
Yes.
OK.
So let me add you both to something before we continue.
All right, so you got added to this new WebEx chat called NXOSCI workflow.
Please do not send messages in this chat.
I will explain what we're doing here, but you now have access to the chat, but don't send messages into it, OK?
OK.
So here's what Serenivas wanted us to get started with.
A couple of very simple things that are good for us to do early.
For that team's chat, or for that WebEx chat, I keep on saying teams by accident, for that WebEx chat that Serenibas has, it is essentially the live issues chat for users to report issues that they're facing with the NXOS pipeline.
So this is like, imagine just like the issues page on GitHub, but they have a Cisco WebEx for it.
So what he wanted us to do was to build a scraper.
There is a really good integration for WebEx API that Cisco has published, and they pointed us to someone named Naga on their team that has access to this, that already has an existing thing that can act as a content scraper, and they already have the transcripts and recordings from meetings.
The first part of the project is quite simple.
It's create something.
This can be done with Airflow.
Create something, let's say it uses Airflow, that can go and query the API on some schedule.
This is the Webex API.
To go and grab in, first pull would be all the historical messages in the chat.
And the second would be...  to go and let's say every half an hour we run this so we can get any new messages that are coming in.
So after those new messages come, he wanted a place where they could just have that information catalogued.
And it should be built to be reusable, something that they could use as an entry point for other AI applications too.
And you can certainly see how this could get used.
So if you build something that is generically able to go  Here's this WebEx channel.
And now imagine we can do a Q&A on that, or we can see the progression of issues over time.
The two things that he'll bring up with us is that I'll give you kind of the easy answers for it.
Number one, deduplication.
So if you're querying the API and you're getting all the chats in that channel every half an hour, you obviously don't want to keep on getting  the same chat's over and over again.
You only want the ones that are new or changed.
And the second part of that is I said every half hour, don't get too stuck on that.
But give the engineering answer of, you know, we'll see once we have access to the API, how quick it is to run, and what makes sense to get it to be as close to real time as possible.
So that's a good engineering answer.
Don't just throw it half an hour because it's just a random number.
We can say, we'll profile this once we have access, and that way we can choose the best fit possible.
So it's not going to be too slow, where it doesn't make sense if it's very, it could be something that runs in a couple of seconds.
But also, if it's really heavy, or it's a lot of load on the network, should we do that every 10 seconds?
Probably not.
But we would want to profile that first.
So we don't even have to give a number.
We just have to stay as close as we can to go time, and that's it.
The other half of this is clearly this is a situation where there's two parts to it, right?
You have the airflow part, which does the task scheduling to get that transcript.
But presumably what comes next is you want to, you know, for instance, if you read this part, this trainee bus, his dream is use AI to summarize, categorize, and rank by priority and severity.
For that, deep site.
So Airflow gets us the content.
It's almost like Airflow if you consider these like logs even though it's just a WebEx channel.
So imagine AI gets local builders passing but in PR build is failing and then they have this link.
We can definitely use AI to categorize.
This is going to come back structured anyway.
You know, if you read in this chat, you'll get an idea of what people are sending in.
And so for us, you know, doing this, building a system, using DeepSight plus airflow, DeepSight can provide the AI component to it, but everything could presumably just run an airflow.
But this is what he ultimately wants to do.
And he's trying to say, you know, I have a specific use case right now for this particular channel.
But first for any of us, just like me, the goal is not to just do one project.
It's to generalize the approach for any project that's similar.
So for instance, don't think of this like where it's just for this channel, but think of it like something you can build reusably so that let's say there's another channel.
Let's say even our own team discussion.
Imagine he just wanted to turn it on for a different channel.
That should just be a matter of swapping out something like a channel ID.
In channel any other path to so that the system will work in this level, right?
So this is standard plan So think of it that way I'll let you both kind of digest on this again talk about it.
It's good and this one's fairly simplistic, so it'll be a good one to Start with  Then the meeting recording transcriber.
This one's super easy because they already have transcription for their meetings.
But this is exactly what Serenivas was talking about.
So just like for a channel, we might be able to get out summary, action items, things like that.
Well, what's the difference between a channel and a meeting?
Virtually nothing.
It's just that instead of people talking in a meeting and showing in the transcript, it's just a chat conversation.
So that's where Srinivas is saying, you know, it's the same thing.
So think of it like, instead of thinking of it like, you know, oh, the starting point for this is the channel, or the starting point of this is the meeting transcript.
Just think of it as the starting point of this is whatever text I'm giving.
Right, but you can see that that is Y-shaped.  y-shaped starting point.
Right, right, right.
Encoding the data to a specific extent where we can keep the other part consistent and use it.
Yeah, y-shaped.
Yeah, exactly.
I'll say for both of these, there's something that's important that will give you some bonus points, which is the concept of statefulness.
So let's say, for instance, that I have this big chat with all these different items here.
Well, maybe some of these go all the way back to like 2023, right?
Who knows?
I mean, there's 318 people in this.
You know, that's going to be a lot of messages, you know, maybe thousands of messages.
But whenever you're saying priority and severity, have those things been resolved or fixed?
And so, like, for instance, if there was a super severe issue, but that happened back in 2023,  Well, is it really high severity?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
So what I was talking about, so let me share back that screen and we can go through the rest.
Okay, can you see my screen again?
Okay, so let me, I'll pause here.
So remember, so there's that first WebEx channel.
We know that there is a way to get into that using an API.
We have to talk to this person named Naga.  to get that API.
They made already a working code for us.
The next thing we'll want to do is get access to Airflow.
And that way, we can start to have something to go out and extract the content out. 99.99999% of times just ask for a database.
So something like this, the right approach is almost always going to be  to get those messages out of WebEx and into some kind of a database.
Even if it's a small thing, it doesn't need to be production grade.
This is just doing this for a concept.
So for instance, their team does use Postgres.
So you could always just use Postgres and call it a day.
This could be very simple, stood up with a Docker container.
Even for Airflow, they're going to need to have some kind of a background, which is more than likely MySQL or Postgres.
So it's likely that you might already have one to work with.
But yeah, for something like this, I would write an Airflow to do two different DAGs.
One to do the historical backfill to a given date.
Another one that's always on, that can go and grab the new content.  and you could set up the schedule line for that accordingly.
And you could even have it, you know, something that's like not even scheduled, but is instead checking for new messages, and if new messages exist, then fire off the DAG to catalog them in the database.
So, does this first one, does this make sense for the TV?
Yes.
Then the second one is almost identical, it's just that entry formula.
Now this this is a really easy way to think about this and I encourage you to think like this in general so think of it like You know realistically if I was to take a transcript versus if I was to you know copy and paste from the chat That's going to give me a semi structured thing back But even though it's semi structured that can make it into structured pretty easily I just have to think about what the data model would look like for that  So as long as you can get it to the database in a semi in a structured way For both meeting recordings and for the chats Then now you have a single entry point that is reliable So that's that's the way I would think about it.
I wouldn't even think about it as like different entry points I would actually separate the concern there So that you have ingestion separate from processing  Now the last one is this log analysis scraper.
So this is the one where we have to think about the most and get a sense of.
There's two big things that are going on right here.
So whenever they talk about logs, they're going to default to my logs are huge.
You can't see me right now, but if you could, I'd be rolling my eyes.
So everyone's logs are huge and complicated and messy.
Everyone's heard that story a trillion times, but it doesn't change the fact that we've got to figure it out.
So what they're talking about here is they have logs that they consider to be very large, and they certainly could be, but don't let anything about the size influence your decision.
I'll explain why.
They have all these logs.
That's great.
And the first problem is that their logs expire every four days.
So it's a rolling window that only keeps track of the last four days of logs.
That is a big problem.
But here's the way to think about this problem.
So this is kind of a starter to doing distributed log analysis across all the different logs for the Nexus CICD pipeline.
This is a good starter.
And I'm actually thankful for Srinivas for giving us a simpler problem to start with on this.
Let me tell you the approach you.
Think about this like you want to do it as an inverted period.
Because whenever you're talking about logs, 80, 90, 95% of the logs are complete junk.
You don't need them.
It's almost like a stack trace in Python.
It's nice to see that, all that information, but how much of it do you actually need to read in order to understand it?
Think about it like this.
The first objective is to, number one, persist the logs.
Objective number two is to then trim the logs down to what the useful content is and get it into some semi-structured format.
The third is to trim that down even further and get it into a fully structured format.
For instance, if I was talking about a Python stack trace,  and I have an exception, and you know, I get that giant output in my terminal.
What really matters to me?
Well, I care about what line the error happened on.
I care about the function caller.
I care about what that specific error message was.
And I care about the time.
That's pretty much going to be, you know, less than 5% of that full stack trace message.
So you can think of it as like, if this was a chain of events, think of it like that inverted pyramid, like a funnel shape.
Where at the beginning yes, absolutely the logs are huge But as a result of the very first step The logs are getting progressively smaller whenever they're actually persisted in storage So does it make sense to store a hundred thousand lines a day in logs?
No But would it make sense to store a thousand lines a day?
Maybe, maybe Whatever is actually useful  So this does not have to be a sophisticated intend, you know, classification pipeline.
It's more just about persisting the parts that are actually necessary needed for blocks.
So I want to kind of challenge both of you to start to think like this.
We're going to have a lot of conversation about architecture, doing things efficiently and optimized at scale.
In general, if you ever want to know what the wrong answer is for this, it's what both of you passed in your interview with me, which is I asked you, you know, you have a million lines in a log file, what are you going to do about it?
The worst answer that you could have given me back, which neither of you did, would be, hey, the file's got a million lines, give it to chat GPT.
Right?
Certainly Vas and me like to make that joke to each other.
We're like, that's how we know for our teams if someone's a good or a bad fit.
Just that question alone is enough to pass fail.
Because that tells you if someone's thinking beyond, if they're thinking about the engineering justification.
So why do you need more than one lane on a highway?
You don't know.
You don't need more than one lane on a highway.
A car can only be one lane at once.
Therefore, all highways should only have one lane.
That doesn't make sense.
That's kind of the same thing here for language models.
It's not can they do it, it's should they do it.
So typically for us you're going to see a tiered approach, where tier 1, the top of the funnel, is going to be something with a rule-based logic, something with rejects, something very quick and simple that has no AI in it whatsoever.
Tier 2 is going to be something that's lighter weight, NLP.
I'm not talking about using like Distalbert or anything like that for this, that's still a little bit heavy.
I'm talking about the non-model focused NLP things, like TF-IDF or BM25.
Tier 3 can be the ML and NLP models that are, let's say, they're a little bit bigger, a little bit heavier.
They take some actual compute to run.
They're still not anywhere near hosting a language model.
But yes, things like BERT are in that Tier 3 category.
And finally, Tier 4, which is a true language model.
And the thing with language model calls is, are they nearly as expensive?
No, because all they are is a glorified API call.
But what you get hit with are two things.
Number one is cost, and number two is latency.
So in terms of that, if I've got 100,000 log files a day, just in terms of cost and latency, is it making any sense to pass everything to a language model?
No.
And even for ML and NLP, unless they're very fast, very efficient algorithms, does it make sense?
Still no.
That's why you combine it in kind of an inverted pyramid shape.
You start out with the simplest approaches first, and then as you go down that pyramid, the more and more gates that it passes through are the more complex things.
But basically you want to get out of that pyramid as quick as you can with as little resource use as you can.  to make that efficient and scalable.
So that's the kind of constant design pattern you'll see from me over and over and over again.
Start simple and bring in complexity when it adds value.
But always have it as a part of a complete system.
So you'll see that for just about every bit of work that we do, it'll combine multiple angles of approach.
Even when we talk about agentic systems, you're not going to see me say, oh, just give everything to language model and have it figured out.
You combine deterministic things with probabilistic things, and you end up with a very strong system as a result.
OK.
So, any questions on this one, or any questions on what I just said?
No.
So, our strike point will be the first one I mentioned, right?
So, once we finish that project, are we going to go through the second and the third, or is it like, we're willing to have a new one?
Good question.
So, I would view them as one and two are kind of in series with each other.
I think for number one would be, you know, get the concept out.
This is an immediate value that's directly relevant to the project.
And then this number two, you can think of it as what comes next, which would be to generalize it so that single approach can be used for other activities.
Now, in parallel, though, with one and two, I would say three is in parallel.
And the reason why is that because we don't know what we're going to get access to first, it's good to have these in parallel because I'm going to guess that one of them is going to take longer to get kicked off than the other.
And while one's idle, the other one can be moving.
So that's what I would look at this as.
This WebEx space scraper, this one, if this one, you know, if Naga gives you access and you have everything you need, maybe this is a very good project to do.
For this one, you need a different person, a different team to give you access.
And, you know, getting access to the system is one thing, but even getting the sample log files is another.
It's probably pretty quick to get the sample log files.
So that's where, you know, these two can go in parallel nicely because you don't know  When one is fast will the other one be slow or both going to be fast at the same time you can kind of keep a constant flow of work coming out if you are doing these in parallel.
Now of course the two of you aren't alone so Sarv is going to be there as well and probably Vaishali from the team if you haven't met her yet.
She's already gotten some headway on the log analysis part.
But we'll be able to do these a lot quicker than you think and I'll even show you both for cloud code sake We're gonna do some magic there So if you haven't used if you have used cloud code or if you haven't no matter what I promise you you're gonna walk away with a lot of learning here There's some crazy things that I can show you how to do way beyond what what you can learn from Anything else?
So I think you'll really enjoy that.
We'll spend some time on cloud code  And someone like Sarov on the team, a really, really good person to connect with.
I've worked with him for about nine months now.
So he knows everything that I have, even though he's a little bit more junior on the team.
Still, you wouldn't be able to tell because he really has a great workflow going there.
We usually get huge things done very quickly because we have the workflow.
So we'll share that with both of you and get you up to speed on it.
On all three of these, and based on the document, they are looking in these systems, and they are possible, and trying to correctionize, trying to find the errors, and trying to rectify that as quick as possible.
And in terms of log analysis, I think this will be connected to the unique side of this, right?
That's right.
All three will be connected.
That's right.
Probably all three.
Probably all three.
Because I think the way that I'm looking at DeepSight right now is as the end-all be-all for anything where we need any type of model hosted, I think of that as DeepSight.
So yeah, and you're right.
So the thing with Srinivas, so even though we have a larger project with CICD, he's looking for a partner.  and he'll definitely have that with us.
So he's looking for, not just for us to come in and solve the immediate CICD problem, but you can see this.
This doesn't technically deal directly with CICD.
Maybe this first part, but it's not direct.
That is a good sign because that's, it's effectively like saying, you know, Stronivaus is trying to build his kingdom.
We're trying to help him.  put all this in place.
He's got his master goal of that CICD automation, which we certainly will do.
But if he wants to extend the contract out for another couple years and give us more people on board and all that stuff, fine by me.
So anything that he gives us to work on.
Stuff like this, the faster we get it done and at the highest possible quality, he's going to fill up our plate with as much work as we can handle, which is a very good thing.
That'll make this engagement even more valuable for us in terms of the financial side of it, which is great.
None was journey bus and this one in fact is so we had some projects with Cisco But the problem is is that and I mean for both of you, you know me or you will know me if you don't I'm very bluntly honest If R2 is in the room with you,
he's probably smiling right now but What our prior work was Cisco was always about was primarily around staffing  And from staffing, there's always a part of staffing where, you know, the person that you've hired into a job doesn't know what to do.
So you go and kind of give them some pointers and tips.
To me, that does not count as doing solutions.
So that's somewhere where I disagree with some other people at Bay One, but that's okay.
You know, I get to because I'm in charge of that.
So, you know, what would I say goes there?
It's my take.
So we previously did a lot of staffing for them.
Solutions came around and we had done some small things, but nothing big, nothing substantial.
Then I came into the picture and I said, wait, wait, wait, wait, get away from staffing.
Because the problem with staffing is if I know how to do something, it's not like I can just hire five people and say, oh, because I know how to do it, now they're going to do it.
So with Solutions, we retain full technical control over the projects.
It's like imagine like you give someone five of the smartest people in the entire world.
Well, they're only going to be as good as the person giving them in structure.
So if there's a bad leader on the business side, then it doesn't really matter how good the other people are.
So when this project came up, this was the first meaningfully large project at Cisco in general, let alone with Cernibus.
So we've done work with Cisco for over a decade, but that was always around other things.
So they know all about us, we know all about them.
But in terms of solutions, this is why this one's so important too, because it's kind of setting the standard for us as we go forward with Cisco.
Okay, so these three are there.
So just read through these, brainstorm back and forth.
We'll certainly have brainstorming meetings.
Tomorrow will be a longer one in the morning.
I'll send that invite out tonight, but just be ready.
I think for both of you, it's going to start right around like 8-15 tomorrow morning.
Now, a couple of final items.
Rules for all work.
This is easy to understand, but this is kind of the rules of the road for sure.
Everything we do is meant to be modular and reusable.
Don't think about anything as a one-off.
That can be plugins, MCPs, airflow pipelines, anything.
It should be...  thinking in a way that we're building parts of the system.
For the second one, this is exactly like that layered approach, that inverted pyramid that I was talking about earlier.
So they are already facing some pressure because it's expensive to run this stuff at scale for language models.
So if you always go into it with the mindset that I'm going to optimize the hack out of this and only use complex things whenever the complexity is required,  then you'll be in good shape.
But just don't fall into that trap of, oh, we're going to give all the logs to a rag system in call today.
He's going to want more than that.
And last but not the least, this is an important thing, because this is more a personality trait than anything.
But it's understand the situation before you jump into solutioning or designing.
So I'll say this, we have not received the logs yet.
I had not told anyone, and I had someone else that is not going to be working on this project came to me and they said, okay, call in, I'm all done.
And I said, what are you talking about?
I said, I'm all done.
I have the log classifier complete.
And I said, how?
How do you have the log classifier complete when we've never seen an actual log?
Well, Claude said that I'm done.
Well, it's great for Claude.
I don't really know what I'm supposed to do with it.
So you see my point?
Srinivas's thing is, you know, take the time to understand the problem and ask the good questions.
You know, don't be afraid to ask questions, of course.
But do that before you go throwing out solutions and trying to design things, because it might be a bad approach if you don't understand the problem saving to begin with.
It was really exciting after watching that video.
I think we have to spend some time with Justin and try to understand the infrastructure and try to take time to learn things.
That way we can build efficient systems.
Yes, yes, and this is This is exactly why I'm trying to get you in front of stony bosses soon as possible and have a good impression Because the moment you meet mr.
Any boss and he understands and puts like a face to a name and he knows what your capabilities are  This Justin person from up above I think is Justin Joseph Srinivas will be able to help you and unblock you so like let's say you know get you in touch with him Because we're definitely going to be able to reach out to him ourselves independent But if he doesn't respond Then that's a problem,
but if Srinivas knows that we're going to get started on this and he can make the introduction in bridge.
That's great  You know, that matters even more than if I send it, because if I send it, you know, they don't know who I am either.
So if we can get Srinivas's support, if he knows that you could benefit from that, that's something to even, you know, bring up when you see him.
Just say, you know, is it possible to connect with Justin Joseph?
You know, for logs, we want to get started on the ASAP.
That's absolutely a good, inappropriate thing to do.
In the meantime, even before you see Srinivas, I would send a message to Justin Joseph as well.
You can tell him, you know, just make sure any time you reach out to someone, give them some background context.
You know, say, hey, I'm so-and-so.
I'm working on this NexusOS CICD project with Colin Morin and Srinivas Pita.
They wanted me to reach out to you to talk about...
Logs for something.
I know you met with Colin earlier in the week.
If you have some time, could we meet quickly and better understand?
So, you know, feel free to be proactive with these.
Don't just wait for me to do it.
But this person is definitely who you're going to want to talk to.
But also bringing up the Srinivas kind of gives you a feel safe.
So if you reach out to this guy and he doesn't respond, well, you're stuck.
But if Srinivas knows and Srinivas can unstick you,  Because he can always tell the guy, hey, answer them back.
You have to give them the information if you want them to do the work.
That's why it's good to have both people on your team.
So here's where I'll also give you some homework for today when you talk to Srinivas.
We know the name Naga, we have no last name, we have no email.
So that's something that you could ask Srinivas that would immediately unblock you.
Exactly right though, exactly right.
I'm very happy you said that because when I said to do these in parallel, that's completely correct.
And exactly as I said, just know that the natural way projects happen is that something will move and then the other one will be stalled.  and the installed one will start to move and then this one will get stolen.
So it's definitely a good idea to start these off as soon as you can to do the information request.
So Justin Joseph you'll need for number three and then Naga you'll need for one and two.
So today was journey you can get Naga last name and email.
And then you can mention that you've heard about this Justin Joseph, and you're really interested to connect with MASAP so that you can get started on the log analysis and processing.
And then the last, of course, is making sure that there's access to airflow.
So they have yet to name an airflow owner.
That's something where it's not clear right now who owns airflow.
It sounds like this there's this person Devaka who is an important person, but a little bit tough to work with sometimes.
It sounds like he's exclusively in charge of Jenkins and Basel.
But they tend to stick him in with airflow.
So maybe that's another thing to talk about Stronivost or with anyone else and to say like who  can we get in touch with for air flow access.
So I'll be working on that myself as well.
And the last two things that we'll cover today.
One is that we are going to have twice weekly meetings with Srinivas and his team.
For both of you, you know, coming in on site, coming out, I'm going to have places for you to sit.
Like you'll have a desk and everything like that so you don't have to be cooped up in a conference room.
We'll get that with Srinivas, we'll try to put you near his team.
What we'll do is at least to start, at least until we're out of discovery and we have some good momentum going, we will see what the schedule is for Srinivas and his team.
I don't want you both to have to drive into work if you're going to be there for a 15 minute meeting.
But if there's a good reason, like for these teams meetings, that these are in person.  and they're biweekly, that's a good time.
Or if there's like regular in-person team meetings, that is a really good thing.
Don't underestimate that power of being in person to build those relationships.
And then this MCP side, Srikar, you'll probably want to read this because they do MCP for just about everything.
This goes through what Srinivas defined as their workflow.
It's fine.
There's nothing really wrong with it.
They're a little bit heavy on MCP where they don't mean to be, but I won't die in that hill.
It's a simple enough architecture that there's no reason for me to get away.
But especially one thing that he really values as a capability in us is being able to build up into MCP servers if they don't exist already.
So just have it in your mind.
You don't have to throw it out until you're comfortable.
But as he's talking and as you're hearing things, just make notes.
Just keep track of that.
The last thing that I'll share with both of you is whenever you're on any Cisco Meet, just ask that the meeting gets recorded.
So do not be shy about that.
If you're able to start the recording or if like when you're set up a meeting as the organizer, if you can pre-enable it, always do that whenever you can.
Those meetings, if we have the transcript, they're worth a weight in gold because that way we can use our automation so that we don't have to, you know, take notes or do after-meeting summaries.
The caveat is that if we don't have the transcripts enabled and we don't have a way to look at those meetings after the fact, then we are going to have to take notes during the meetings.
So the good news is for WebEx, we already have permission from Srinivas and Danat to record everything, so there's no restrictions there.
But just remember to enable those on or request that they get enabled on the meetings as soon as you can in the meeting.
You know, introduce yourself of course first, but say, you know, if you don't mind, could we record this for our notes?
That's totally fine.
See you.
Anything else that we can cover today or how do you feel for for talking to students?
Okay Well, I will leave you two alone then Let me know how it goes So I'll be on 9 till probably 3 p.m.
PST tonight and then I'll add on the meeting for tomorrow morning I guess it'll be like 8 8 15 For two of you, I'll try to make it 8 15 unless there's some  A reason to do later than that on the calendar.
Or earlier than that on the calendar.
That's right.
Oh, nice.
Beautiful.
Okay.
Person number three.
That's good.
That's great.
Okay, I'm excited for that.
Thanks so much, Artu.
I'll give them some lunch and then see you again soon.
Yes, thank you.
Thanks for taking care.
Yes, good luck everyone.
I'll see you in a little bit.
Thanks, Colin.
Bye.
