Hey, so sorry about that. I got caught up a little bit later than I wanted to, but I definitely just wanted to connect before the day was up and then see where we were at. See if you needed any help with anything. Yeah. So I, I downloaded all the files, got it, and I'm able to like run to the correct.  So there are other messages which are not classified. And then I processed all those remaining ones. And then we have the parent level messages classified. The main primary categories are into 12 and the subcategories are into 66.  There's some categories. So I'm trying to understand the visualizations, like the one which are from the report, and create one further, specific to the top five categories, which Srinivas is focusing on, or he can directly relate to. So I guess a couple of questions here. So first, what do you mean? So new messages? So what new messages?  So in the DB, which you shared, it did not process like 200 of them, like it processed around like 1700 and it missed out like 200 messages. The last batch.  Okay, okay, so that okay, so that was the skill so that was the the missing ones for the last okay that works that works and Did you get then the the batches so like the files that I showed that I think they were the batches Let me make sure that I actually showed this with you our batches I did not yeah create again, so I directly looked into the SQL DB and it updated directly on the DB  Got it. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. Okay. So that's one. Um, then the second is, so that's good. So you were able to get the DB, you were able to rename it and have access to it. So like I, I sent over the one, it was the dot DAT file. So you were able to rename it to dot DB and that worked. Yes. Yeah. Okay. That's good. That's good. I renamed it because I didn't want that to get flagged.  .db files can get flagged, they just get caught by the sniffer that they have, but .mod files, they're binary, so they can't even read them anyway, so they skip them. Little trick. So then what I would do though, is I wouldn't necessarily, so we can talk about dashboards, I wouldn't necessarily trim it down to top five. You can show the top five.  And we can talk about like how to design that so it's more prominent And I'll show you how to use those files I gave you I can do that pretty quickly with you You can show the top five and that would be good from a dashboard perspective, but you know him He's going to want to have access to the detail So what I would do is I would put the top five at the top And that's kind of a sense and you can it's not like saying like you're only limited to you know one thing  And we can put those in the top order and then the remaining follows. Right. And that way you don't have to, like if he goes to mine, he's like, okay, what else? That way we don't have like an awkward, you know, like, oh, well, we had the rest, but they're not there. Right. So one thing then is good that you have codecs. That's great. codecs isn't cloud code, but it's also not nearly as bad. It just uses a lot of tokens.  and it runs out pretty quick, but at least that's good if you're able to use. So two last things then. One would be on the dashboarding. So there were those files that I shared with you, because I know if you haven't seen Apache Echarts, it's kind of a lot. The visuals look nice, but they might not make any sense. OK, can I share the screen? Yeah, please.  have it open so yeah can you see my screen yes yeah no these are the charts right that's right that's right okay and so with those what I did with them and I think it's on most of them if you click on them there should be a little pop-up that'll come up if you were to click on a specific point I don't know if it's on every chart I'd know for sure it's on the heat maps  Yeah, so you see this kind of gives him like an operational thing right right and My biggest point with him is you know, like look like this is literally just an HTML file There's you know, there's nothing even fancy here at all. It's just HTML. So, you know, let us do a real application for you a real dashboard What I'm trying to lead him to is not just what he asked for  but a little bit beyond that. And that's what I want you to think about for the dashboard, too. Because what I'm really getting at with him is, I'm saying, I get what you want. You ask me for a simple report, effectively, of just a little bit more detailed breakdown of what's going on here. But I'm going to look a step further than that for you, and I'm going to say, what would actually be useful to a release lead?  And effectively it's like this. So like if I saw, you know, like there was, you see like that darkest blue box on this visual? Yeah. So if you click that, you can clearly see, you know, there's a, you can just read these and you can see these are all PRs in the same day that Xflow completely broke that day. Oh yeah. Right. Like it's all on 10 13. Yeah.  Most of them are unanswered and if you have it, they might have a reply. That was a bad day at Cisco, I can tell you that. That's a nightmare day. That's what I'm trying to show. You could have a live dashboard of this that we could build for you as part of this project.  And this is giving you kind of a taste of what this could look like. This is what we're able to do with a basic HTML and some things. And even if you go down, I think down below there's better visuals too. So, treemap, the drill downs, that one you can click through, it's fine. Yeah, I think treemap, yeah, this clearly gives like a picture of every detail.  every detail load like what type of errors and we can so here we can like whenever like they're putting a message on the chat like they can refer to any of these higher level categories or topics so that the bot in future like can can reply back with some kind of like these suggestions let's say like they have like our access permission it can like look into the specific piece right  Right. And what else is good, too, is you can see the density is clustered. So there's certain cases that we have more confidence in responding to. There's others that, you know, frankly, you would need to either say that it's simple enough that AI can just do it, or you need to say, you know, needs human, you know, I think the biggest takeaway here is that still, no matter which way you cut this, there's only 44% of all cases that have a response. Right.  And that's anywhere in the chain. And that's something that we can show now with data, because that's the beautiful thing about deterministic plus AI. We're saying, hey, I don't care that you have that chat. I don't care what you say, what you think. The factor means that 44% have answers, which means that your total sample size to pull from is much lower than you might expect, because your team's not responding.  Also, if you look at that monthly comp one, that one's good too because you can see some big things happening. What is the big culprit in all of these? It is whoever is running X-Flow needs to get a new job. That is the overwhelming majority of errors. It's not really other things. This is a really useful chart because you can see if things are getting better or if they're getting worse.  For things like sanity failures or like CDT or other things, if there's general stability, that's a good sign. But for things that are supposed to be an automated system or a workflow, if they are that variable, that usually points to there being an extremely manual level of intervention with those or it just not being mature enough. So you can see the variants starting to happen here that might signal to you that it's not a healthy process. It's completely all over the place.  So, some of these are good. So, mainly on the Xflow, all the messages you see, or the restart, or they want someone manually to restart, or process it again, or close the PR and reopen the PR to probably start the Xflow, all those build activity. Right, right. And, I mean, the big thing, too, is like,  you know with this you can see that it it got better and then it's getting worse again like you could see that there's this period you see on the x-axis 2025-1 there's a big ramp in the year yeah you know peaking in 2025-10 that really bad day yeah and then it gets better in november they fix some issues and then look it's climbing again  There's other things also, like this is the usual, what do you call it, holiday time? Yeah, exactly. There might not be too many of issues coming in, like development going on around this time. But now think about this from Prudendry Srinivasar, a release lead. If I saw this, I'll tell you, I've been a release lead before. If I saw this, I'd go and I'd have some next to choke on my team. I'd say, hey, guys.  why was this not a problem in 2024 and yet you guys are you know get your crap together and let's figure that out now everything else pales in comparison yeah there's a lot of difference like compared to like 2024 and 2025 I think the projection like if you see the projection it might go like beyond this  Right. And also look at 2024-5. Look at the Sandy V execution failures. You can see there's clear outliers here. I need to be on 12. 15. So what I'm getting at here is this is why you don't want to go to like present. You don't have to slim it down to too few visuals. I know it's a lot, but you can give him kind of a flavoring of, you know, all these different things. I'm not saying to include all of them. It certainly doesn't hurt though.  because you can show them these and each one of these graphs gives you kind of a different view of what to do. And because it's e-charts a lot of the graphs have some really cool stuff to them. So if you notice like on the x-axis you can actually click and drag the slider for the trend.  you know, if you really want to zoom in and see some detail. Likewise, you can hit that refresh button in the top right. You can click the download button to take the PNG of it. I think that works. You're not actually sure. Yeah, there you go. So there's a lot that just gets out of each arts. Bubble chart's kind of cool. It's a very different visual than most people are used to.  this one and the top one isn't they look like same the heat map yes yes i think this one is mostly about the resolution rate so that's the big difference so not the i think the top one's just the heat map of the total count of issues this is saying like which ones actually got resolved like so yes yeah somebody applies to  in these procedures. So for this, the right way to read it, a graphic like this, which is actually not a very good graphic. I just included it because it's a little bit different than what people are used to. If you look straight across, so pick a row on that y-axis and then read it across. For instance, like the, let me pick one. Like for instance, yeah, exactly. Like pretty much no one responds.  And so that slider on the far side, you could drag it up or down to say, you know, if you want to see the things that no one's responding to. Yeah, based on this slide, we can see a lot of them. Yeah. No, I don't actually like this graphic at all. I just included it because it was something different. If this was like a computer vision project, this would be really nice. This is usually what I would use for something like that, like a correlation matrix. Yeah.  But so this one's kind of meh, but maybe if you go to the next one This is a much nicer view of that top one I would choose this one every day over that top one because this is showing me You know the dates the only thing this isn't showing is categorization this is showing the relative density of Things on the calendar Right each day won't happen. Yeah  And so this is good because if I'm looking at this and I see this patchwork and I see these big black boxes, this means people need to be a lot more careful. And if you look, it always seems to be something a little bit different. And if you notice, it happens to be completely inconsistent as to when things are happening. But this is a nice graphic in the sense that it's clean.  It's clear and you get that detail if you want it by just being able to click on it and then seeing that pop-up Yeah So that pop-up is you know, the level of detail that he's really going to look for So, but this is like more our date wise then like rather like here we have a monthly  monthly issues right right right and then the very top one you can see the very top one i think it's like number one versus number six or number two versus number six excuse me yeah this has like every everything okay oh yeah so that shows the same data um this is good for trend because you can see there's no consistency it's not like things are stable in any sense um you know they're actually pretty bad  But if you go to the category two, so look at number two and then compare to number six. So this is categories over time. So how are those categories? Right. And how does that evolve? There is another graphic that I have. I don't know if I already shared this. Let me see if it's here. One moment. Yeah. So it's nice.  What do you think of like rearranging this little like 7a and 7b to the top and so that like a clear overview of what I'm articulating and then how many I've answered and then followed by like little more detail on the other drafts so that we can align on the like flow.  Yes, I like that Let me see one thing real quick. I There was this really nice chart that I had but I'm trying to find right now. I Can't see it That would be a pain if I got rid of that by accident  Okay. I'll show you how to do this with it though. Anyway, yeah, I would actually, yeah, I would use this one probably. So these like seven, this I understood eight filter. Okay. Yeah. Eight is just the pop up. Just so you know, eight is the same as the pop up. Yeah. So the nine, I'm not, I'm not able to understand this nine. Oh, press play. Oh, okay. Sorry.  so and then pay attention bottom right yeah no based on the detail okay so this is showing whenever the project started it was access and permissions that was a problem right right and then watch they introduced different systems over time during whenever they introduced x-flow and cat you can see exactly what's the problem here  What's what's cool for this something like this is this tells a story right? This tells a living story in a way that those heat maps can't tell Something like this is usually a little bit cutesy But it's fun to show in engineering meetings because you can say look I mean there is a story to this I can tell you right now Whatever you guys did with x flow you better have a really good engineering justification because that team is not great Comparatively speaking to the others  You know there the others I mean they are literally three times as prevalent as as anything and it was not something that happened You know at random it was you know really a big problem that occurred This one's fun to show just because it's a race. It's a race chart they call But it just shows that a live story over time of what's going on yeah  So one thing here like here like we mentioned like this are So that means like it has like some kind of reply to it in that same thread but Yeah, you know like Right now like we are not Classifying or categorizing the replies. I think we only process to the end of random messages, right? So I did both so if you go  If you go into VS Code or wherever you have the .db file. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then go to extensions. I'm trying to see what exactly I have. What's this called? And then it's just type in SQL light viewer pro. Here, try that.  Let me see Yeah, it's the one yep that one exactly It's a good extension Okay, then there you go. That's way more convenient, huh? All right. Yeah, so you see here if you click on solutions on the table on the side And so if you just click the table name itself Yeah, like just click on the word solutions  Yep, then it'll switch the tape later. So what I did is I didn't classify everything. What I did is I said, look, here's the solutions, here's the categories that the solutions themselves fall into. So pattern name, description, I was able to classify that. Now it's not classifying as into a fix, as you can see, some of them are ambiguous. But we are able to tie back the solutions to it.  And I didn't go too crazy with solutions because, you know, we don't know too much because, I mean, there's only 44% anyway. So you only know of that 44%. That's why there's fewer classes overall. But I was very kind of loose with how we categorize the solution. So if the messages had a response, in that response resulted in something that could be considered a solution.  that ignores anything that's ambiguous those are the ones that you say that like for instance on that pie chart like said yellow ambiguous there was not there was a response but it did not indicate that the that there was either a solution provided or a solution accepted or something that resolved itself  So like, yeah, you see there like 186 of those are ambiguous. So someone responded to it, but it's like, Devakar says like, I'll take a look. Yeah, that's not a fix. That is not an explanation that is not helpful. So that's really what that's trying to say. So we did do the categorization even for the solutions themselves too.  Yeah, I think yeah, I have to check again once because I mean whenever I Around the other 22 hundred which the header level messages like I got the message that Yeah, we did not like categorize the Child classes like which are under the header thread. So yeah, that's why So I'll check once again  Yeah, and I think what it probably was going with is probably because it didn't understand the DB And probably what I was thinking is that the children weren't classified which is correct because it's the parent that gets classified not the child So those root level ones Those ones are the ones that are tied back to the solutions for instance  Now, the other thing, though, is remember that I have on my machine the cloud session that did this in the first place. So if there is anything that's missing, just flag it to me. And don't say cloud or anything like that, but just say, hey, I think analysis might be incomplete. Because I do have all of the files already. I have the same session. So it would just be a matter of me running a script in case there is something missing in the DB. OK.  So From from a dashboard perspective, so That's that's the trick I gave those files if you saw in the shot, there are these ones I think that the message said like each arts real big So those are reference files and those were written from clot basically that took  It did online research for Apache Echarts and basically did this so that whenever another session, be it Clod or be it Codex, is trying to go and make those charts, there are known reference files to go off of, like, here's what good looks like.  Okay, so do we have to add these in the reference? Yeah, I've added it. Yeah, I've added it, right? Yes, right. And so that's that's how like if you even if you put a codec so do you say here the patterns read all the files to understand the patterns do not guess do not assume that's where it'll make mistakes for you. Okay, so I build these off of the working examples online.  which is why, you know, that file, even though it's just an HTML file, it already works pretty well. The biggest thing is that he wants to know that it is repeatable. And I think that the one thing that we should try to do for tomorrow, because I think if you're able to look at Skills for Codex, what we'll want to do for tomorrow, I know it's late already, so I'm not going to, you know, take too much time of yours to go through.  is we'll want to put together this skill on that CICD repository, like make a skill folder. And then he doesn't even need to like see it working, right? Like he might want to see it, but all he needs to know is that we created a skill and I'll say we can set up some time later. All there has to be in that repository is a folder that says skills, you know.  So don't think I'm asking you to stay up until nine o'clock at night tonight making skills or anything. He just needs to understand it. What I'll do, and I'm not saying because you can, but just because it'll be easiest, because I have more time than you in the morning tomorrow, I'll put kind of a document together about the skill, how it works, what the workflow is, et cetera. So that way we can talk about that tomorrow too.  But as long as you have some understanding about how it was working, we wrote it kind of working together on that anyway. So as long as you understand that, he'll want to have some questions because you have to think about how much magic this is for him. Like we sat here and we really did some work on this.  I think there is a lot of information. Every chart is eye-opening. Once I saw these graphs, I think this is how it should look like when viewing into different categories. This explains a lot. Most of every graph has different details.  I think this gives a higher picture on what are the main issues or pain points. Yes. And even that one, this 3A, have you clicked on this one? I clicked, but I did not see anything. It's not... So you found the breadcrumbs. That's good. So some of these I wasn't able to do the full JavaScript on.  Just because it's a simple HTML. I'm going to say into this tomorrow, watch me do this with a fast API and your eyes are going to explode because it's going to be so good. This is literally the most vanilla JavaScript that I can do. So what will happen after, let's say, if you are clicking here? So it's just like rearranging right now.  So basically, it just zooms in? Yeah, zooming and re-arranging. So if we had more sub-levels, then this would be a much more useful chart? Right, it will go again deep into the specific expo of what all other companies, like 60 issues, like what are the other sub-categories. Right, exactly.  And I'll show you, let me send you one that's actually just really bad that I was doing for prototyping. And then you can just open this one here. I'm going to send this to you. Can you open that one, the HTML I just shared? Yeah, it's okay. Then I'll have to jump off in a moment here. But it's okay, we're in good shape for tomorrow. I just wanted to make sure you got to review these and understand.  the date on them because really like i'm not even gonna present tomorrow i'm just gonna we can just pull up something like that and go through it because that's i know that's way more than what he wanted and i'll say look you can do this literally anytime the skill set up so that you can reprocess these all we'd have to do is pipe it into webex um yeah so this is for the same db  And actually, I think these actually work without even the DB in place, which is nice. HTML, like I just opened it, but I did not click open. Is this the same? This is report project. It keeps going down. I'll be able to tell you if it's the same one. Yeah, this is the same one. Or this is a different one. So keep going. It is going to look very similar.  But you start to see some things that really didn't work. You know, like that Sankey is just not useful at all. That's too much going on. This one's kind of cool. This is a different version of the one that we were talking about, but it's just not useful if you click on something here. Like, yeah, not great. And then if you click anywhere outside of it, it'll zoom.  So not great. So I was testing out all these different things. And if you go in your browser and just type in Apache Echarts, and then click on examples whenever you go. There you go. There's so many. One that I had that I somehow took away that was really, really nice was actually up at the very top of the screen.  It was that one right there gradient stack line chart So basically that one was the same as what you did for number one And it showed each issue over time so rather than that one which shows like the count of all issues as a trend Right this one gave it per classification of the issue  So it's nice because you can clearly see them against each other. Yeah, the graph looks much smoother than the other video was. Yeah. So here's what I'll leave you with. Play around with this. From a dashboard perspective, it's OK. So if you want to try something out, just send it over to me. If you want to keep the one that we have or just trim off a couple of them, like, for instance, I would trim off the bubble chart.  from the HTML I shared and a couple other things like that, completely fine. But just look at the data and start to think to yourself, let's talk through this. Let's try to reason through this. Here's what's going on. Here's where these errors come from, et cetera. This one was an attempt to split the tree into two, which didn't work well, as you can tell.  it looks like these are like issues like these are like an issue and like what let's say like permissions yeah i think there are little more details there is one more thing like let's say like there is a bot running over like in different like in other channels there are like bots in the so people might use it for different use cases so i did not do we have to like  put that also into consideration of the script. Will the skill categorize those directories? Yes, so the skill is able to do that. If you go to, so let me show you one last thing before I have to run. Go back to VS Code. And then you'll see, so go back to the issues.db.  And then you'll see, I think it's in categories here. So categories is your master list of all the categories that are there. So you'll actually see in here what the language portal came up with for them. And what's kind of fun here is that I have a giant  Let me see here. Let me make sure that this is actually correct. There's a file here called categories draft. Let me just do this real quick. Now this one's a little bit different than the other. And so click open in VS code for this.  and then I'll show you the markdown viewer because there's an extension for that too so I think let me see what mine's called I think it's office viewer yeah oh this one the top one yes that's right oh yeah and then at the top it wants you to choose a theme whichever one it's okay  Okay, now go and open up another markdown file. So you have to close it and then reopen it. There you go. Much better. We saw this in the yesterday. Yes, yes. This was much more detailed and kind of gives you some information as to how these were categorized. That's the biggest thing. Right, right. Okay.  So for me, only homework that I have for you is just make sure you're familiar with the data, start to think about it, read through these, understand the skill. If you're able to read that codec's skill documentation and get it arranged in the CICD repo, all I would do is I'd make a skills directory and then put the skill inside of it.  pretty much exactly as it's structured. That's why I sent the screenshot so you could see a little bit as to how the skill is structured. I doubt he's going to want us to demo anything, but if he does, then we can say, yep, we did all this. It's fine. But for tomorrow, we can plan to show him this. We can share screen. We can say, here's issues.db. But he's really going to love that because he's not even going to think that that's a real thing that we can do.  I'm like, yeah, it's not a database, not Postgres. It's just simple SQLite. It's just a file. You can send this to him if he wants, you know, with his permission. And, you know, you want to do some of your own digging and analysis here? Fine. But, you know, it's an oyster. You know, you could have something automated process this into a database, you know, real time. And you could have a really beautiful dashboard for your release leads to keep tabs on things.  and see things over time. Yeah, so the main thing from the discussion was focused on weekly or monthly as well. I think we got those covered here and the other graphs as well. Yes, exactly. So I'll leave it to you to make any tweaks you want. If you want that nice gradient stack chart, you can play around with it.  So if you want that one, you could always try to add that in. And there's already a reference to that in the references file, so you'll be in good shape. But don't be afraid to just play around and make mistakes. It's OK. That's the nature of this. It happens to get better every iteration. Yeah, sure, Colin. I'll go a little more deeper and do these graphs, and then I'll try to identify if there is anything  which I can create, which I can add on. Sounds good. Sounds good. Sounds good. Sounds good. Sounds good. I'll connect with you in the morning. Sounds good. You need anything, just send me a message, okay? Sounds good. Thank you so much. Thanks. Take care.
I'm not sure about the people. But there's something new. Oh, maybe I know. The wheels. The wheels. Go by. Look at this. The wheels.  Put a watch out for this. There it is. There it is. It's malicious. It's strong. Someone's doing this. Someone's doing this. You know, you have to be in it. You have to be in it forever. No, I shouldn't have asked. You might have asked for a sock. No, I'm not. You need to help me. All right, guys. I'm going to go to the mall. I'm going to go to the mall. I'm going to go to the mall. I'm going to go to the car wash.  You thought I couldn't get worse from the shack, baby? Guess what? All blast. No bathroom. You've got a multiple song. Do you want to walk in front of my pool? Yes, ma'am. What would you do if you don't know? Now. Yes, so now. Are you okay?  I haven't seen that in a good video, you also see it in the crowd. Nah, I would have said that same thing. You want this video? Because that was a man who had like a tendency, he was like, he was like, by the way, he thought shit was wrong. Look at me, three traps, you know what I mean? You know, there's just some moments in the song that you think there's, uh, you have no idea how to get through and how to find it. That shit! He said, am I with me?  I think that I'm going to see Julia, like, maybe a little child shooter.  They should simply explore this and not  think too much about the transcript. We should just frame them as equal to each other. Here's what we thought we could infer from the transcript and not phrase it as a direct quote, given that it's a speech-to-text transcript and was a casual conversation, not a computer talking. And here's what we found over here, which somewhat contradicts what we thought we knew, but seems logically correct.  The session that has actual eyes on this can make the determination in that way instead. So really I'm picking option C. Why don't you repeat this back to me so we can understand? Correct.
Do you need anything while I'm doing it?  Get out!  You hear, you see, know that it's so weak You need to speak like that Let's change that, girl, let's go put some miles on me That doesn't say we need to put some miles  We're gonna let the engine on and just see how close we're now
Whoa!  I'm sorry  See you soon, baby
No, it's not.
I told you to add all of it, include the Ejectix slash Codex backups folder. Now, reason for using that specific repository, I just needed to pick one, and that happened to be the unlucky victim. Otherwise, I'd have to make a new repository just for continuity between sessions, which seemed useful. This is really temporary, and we'll clean it up at the end.  a lot of exploration done and finally some mapping and understanding of the repositories. Very good news to share. Looks like everything can be run locally for the EMS aka what we will be testing on. EPNM has some oracle dependencies and looks like it might be missing a repository that was not uploaded to that confluence sheet. I'll resolve that with a cell button.  Ignoring for now and treating as a black box. Might need some seed data and Postgres, but otherwise, it looks fine. Ironically, this team uses Docker and not Podband, which is fine with me. As I believe it only affects one small item. Cloudwood keeps happening here. You keep doing tasks and then waiting like 10 minutes before you do the next one. What's going on?  This isn't efficient entirely. Push work in the first few seconds of that execution, yet it says that you've been processing for five minutes. Explain yourself. There is a full plan for the remaining exploration and execution. Is my ... codex backups for the day? You'll understand once you see it.  is the earliest research work and is preliminary only. Done purely based off of tree mapping, contains the full detailed tree mapping and output structure for all the repositories that were mentioned on the confluence page, complete with their file names and line counts and all that good stuff. We'll be of particular interest to you.  I recommend having a clod sit. I have a harness in place that will continue to do the background research today and commit and push periodically without the ability to overwrite anything. So you might see continuous work from me throughout my late night, but it is not from me.  It is the harness. We'll see how that goes. I have some very good guards in place, but just to let you know, of the status. I know it's a lot to manage, but actually this is going better than I thought and is less painful than expected. For the most part, it is very vanilla angular.  And there's something that they wrote called Digit, which is an interim UI layer, but that is only present in roughly 10 to 20% of all the code. Everything else is vanilla out of the box Angular with very little customization.
Before we continue, I have a few questions for you because I want to have another session in parallel do two things for me and I want you to help me to write things for them. That will be our last items in this chat. First of all, I will have another session specifically go  and try to put together some DAP analysis for the features for the particular screens of inventory and default management that are missing features between EPNM and EMS. This session should know about the CSV thing that we found, but  They should also independently explore the code base or code bases into a full detailed gap analysis and then audit itself at the end to make sure that nothing was missed. I want this gap analysis to be in two parts effectively. Part one should be the UI gap analysis. Look for UI elements and features that are not there.  Obviously the classes will be different because the back end is different and you can help me refine this thought. But I'm talking about things that are materially missing in the new version that were previously present in the old version, and they care about that direction really. But it would also be good to know things that are present in the new that never even had a concept in the old, from the UI perspective or UX perspective. Part two of that same  would be to do the identical with features, things that are back-end facing. For instance, different features or functionality that might be missing in the new that were present in the old might not be done that similarly in the new as they were in the old. Part three of the same would be around other items like data sources, databases,  resources, etc. We will be writing a super detailed handoff and kickoff prompt for everything that I'm telling you about today. For instance, those three items will be part of the same handoff and mentioned in the same kickoff. I'll be giving them to another cloud session. It is critically imperative that we explain the context to the new cloud session and also tell them to explore  the content we've already put together so they can have our same understanding without having to explore the entire code base themselves except where it would genuinely improve their understanding and it's necessary. It will be necessary to do this. It's not like they can just read our files and do this, but hopefully you get what I mean. They need to know where to point the cannons at. The next thing that I want to do after we are done with the full gap analysis is  something that will be done subsequently to build off of that. Basically, I will give the other session the same instructions I'm giving you now to write hand-offs and kick-offs, but I want you to have the idea prepped for them as to what we're doing next, which is to make a correlation document to show here's what it was on EPNM and here's what it is now in EMS. That it goes for backend components, frontend components,  functions, features, etc. They should take it slow, do a file or two at a time, or whatever makes the most sense here. I do not want them to just try to summarize and say here the top end features. In fact, throughout any documents you write, I want you to explicitly forbid generalizing or not going to absolute complete depth unless the user is in the loop and approves of it directly.  That is critically imperative. Everything should be captured as markdown documents overall in extremely high detail for everything. The third item that I want you to help me with is getting another session set up to understand everything that we know. Read the files again like we have, just like the other two things I asked you to do will do.  but to be focused primarily on running the applications so that we can see the gap. It would be a little bit silly to go forward with implementation if we don't even know if we can test what we change. So getting something running will be imperative. EMS should be the main priority. And the session should know all about what we've discovered today in order to do so.  EPNM, I believe, will be a little bit harder, correct me if I'm wrong, but that can be the second priority. We just need to make our best possible effort to run these things and get them online so that we can ask for resources from the Cisco team as early as possible. Again, do not make assumptions. Encourage them to take your accounts into consideration strongly, since we've done a lot of work here.  but also guide them to explore on their own. If this effort is unsuccessful, they are more than welcome to freely explore the code base. Here's another hard rule I want you to add to all three of these. First of all, any time they are exploring, I want them to use general purpose agents with write permissions. Never explore agents as those do not have write permissions and cannot write files.  Next, I want to reiterate the importance of not skimming unless the user agrees with it directly. Claude is not allowed to make that decision in any case for any reason at any time without direct written consent from the user. They should pause if they want to go less light with justification. But they are not to do that without the user's input. So what this means is that you will be writing now.  a total of six documents, three handoffs and three kickoffs. Is everything clear to you right now? To be clear, a kickoff is just a file which contains a prompt that I would use to start up a brand new cloud session from nothing. It gives them some high-level background context and objective.  and directs them to read the handoff and any other files. The handoff itself is extremely detailed and usually fairly long, containing rich detailed context of everything, including file paths that need to be explored, directions, context, rules, things like that. It is a very nice document. Always. It is exactly what we did for you here.  Please let me know if this makes sense and if so, please proceed to make the files. Here's the examples of the ones you were given specifically.  exclamation point. Shalini had some emergency come up and asked if we could move our session today to tomorrow. Is that possible? She just sent me the message a few minutes ago. Or I would have let you know sooner. Slides are done but wouldn't have someone to present them as they are hers. I will have to look into it and let you know. As your speech is expensive but it is in the ecosystem.  and considering the volume or lack of volume that we have right now, it would be a tough sell to use.
things beyond the ecosystem. You can check on Foundry if they are available on Azure. If we don't do this today, we must do it tomorrow. And we also need to be ready for an update on the assigned items and talent AI for the bug fixes for tomorrow as well. Hi Suresh, exclamation point. Hope your travels have been safe and the wedding went great.  For the client meeting. I know very little but truly hope it went well. I know how much effort went into that Hope you got some rest Among all the excitement. Yes, absolutely. I am available looking forward to connecting Cool now, here's what I want to do. We are going to document this entire journey  to explain our full methodology and how it works. Here's the trick. I do not, under any circumstances whatsoever, want you to mention different machines, Cisco versus Bay One, Computer A versus Computer B, anything like that. For all intents and purposes, this is on a single machine on Cisco.  And we do not want to talk about transfer of information between devices in any way, shape, or form. In addition, instead of Claude, we want to say codecs. The reason being is that practically speaking, there is no productive reason to do so. This is exemplary for different workflows.  simply do some rejects, find a place for Claude or for Codex if I ever needed to switch it because we will be able to accomplish roughly the same process with the same ideas. I want it to be absolutely complete because this is effectively a massive document that would eventually be used for a case study, if that makes sense, an internal one, as well as being shared with the Cisco team so that they can fully understand their detailed process.  It is allowed to contain Cisco specifics, although it shouldn't contain anything that would be considered sensitive internally. It is to capture the methodology, approach, and progress. It is not, however, to call out a timeline or to try to say this was the number of lines used or this was x or y or z. Tree diagrams are great to have. This will be marked on files.  In fact, it will be a series of markdown files, focused files on specific parts of the process. They do not need to be super granular. Think of them like chapters in a book almost. They can be very, very long and they should be extremely complete, thorough and comprehensive. Now, you were actually the thing that did this most of all compared to the other sessions.  I'm going to give you the transcript from another Claude session that predated you so that you can get a sense of all that was done there. I want you to read that thoroughly and use that to start out the document. I do not want you to do this all in one go. I do not want you to call out things like the singularity skill either. Just document generically all that happened here.  And you can leave that as an upstream part for understanding the specific requirements, details, and in general, you can call everything that predated the transcript that I'm about to share with you. You can call that discovery and describe it at a high level to start. This should be complete. This is effectively a total map and model of our work and the engagement.  It is a technical document and should be extremely thorough and complete. I also want you to make a document with a guide for the understanding here. I want you to separate it into two. First, a thorough explanation of exactly what we are trying to do without any of the rules in it. By what we are trying to do, I'm specifically talking about this current effort, if that makes sense. The effort to document.  Don't say case study, but just say, you know, a detailed account of our journey on this project. The second doc I want you to put together is the rules doc. Put all the rules for how this should be generated that I've shared with you in that document. Both of these will be used by future sessions in order to continue the process and know where to pick up.  You should assume that it is able to be used for continuity. The third document that I would like you to put together is a high-level overview of what was covered, almost like a table of contents in a book. You don't have to provide paths because all these will be in the same directory, regardless of what machine they are on. At the end of the table of contents, there should be a section  that does a quick recap of what was just done and where the state is at and when it was last updated, including a date and a time. So the other sessions know what is already covered and what is not. Make sense? Here you go, exclamation point. I recommend using parallel exploratory general purpose agents to do this work.  with write permissions enabled. I recommend spawning one agent first to verify write is able to be done. I think this workflow should be captured in the rules document as it is requirement for the other sessions to follow as well. The part about parallel general purpose agents to do the work with write permissions enabled and also spawning one agent to make sure that the agents can write autonomously.  Under no circumstances are the sessions allowed to continue if they are not having agents that can write autonomously. They must stop and flag to the user immediately, if so. Okay, no problem. Do you want me to hold the meeting back in? I will only be able to stay on until... Hi Jesse! My sincere apologies. I am in hermit mode this week to focus on...  an urgent deliverable that is behind schedule and have not been checking my messages this week. And I've had notifications turned off so I can focus. My only worry, I can join as long as three caveats in my end are well understood. Number one, this week is completely booked for me otherwise.  I can carve out an exception to join the meeting given that it will be in person with you and I don't want to put you in a bad spot. But I need to be extremely clear that I do not have time to meet after the meeting, prepare any materials this week in any way, shape or form, or have follow-up meetings with the team until after Tuesday, April 28th. I am fully booked entirely and do not have  any way to do that. Number two is that I won't be expected to be presenting slides or anything as I do not have time or bandwidth to prepare any materials now. Number three is that Travis is going into this meeting understanding that he is framing his problem to us so that I can do proper discovery.  If at this time he is not aware that it is a discovery call where he will be telling a story so that we can ask questions, then the meeting should be postponed, as that is different and not a discovery call. Apologies if this message comes across severe. I am just trying to make this week work with all other constraints, which is quite difficult. So I have to be very judicial right now.  I hope you can understand. If these three things are met, then I can try to slice some time out for the meeting today. All my best, Colin. If it is a meet and greet or a general meeting and does not have this discovery understanding, there will not be a purpose to join.  understanding that we are the ones bringing the AI angle and not him. I want to confirm before the meeting that he has expressed openness to this idea and we aren't trying to cold pitch him AI and framing it as a discovery call. I want to make sure that he is open to this and aware before we go in to the meeting.  I do not want to go in expecting a discovery and then be expected to make a sales pitch to him with no detail on his problem and no preparation on my end. Please also do not take the above as anything against you or Prateek in any way. In fact, the only reason why I am  able to consider the meeting this week is because I have a great deal of faith and confidence in the both of you and I just need to confirm these things to be defensive with my time this week because I'm trying to crunch two months of work into five days. All others I have had to tell no because I do not have the same confidence in the validity of the meeting.  or solve a problem that he hasn't stated. If that is the case that we do need to present capabilities, that part will need to be deferred. Okay, I have the gap analysis session running now. Here's what they asked me. Let's talk about it in review together. Stop immediately, Claude. Time out. You quoted an auth token? Are you absolutely batshit insane?  Time the fuck out. I do not care at all If it wasn't a big deal to you it's a massive deal to me that's so incredibly incredibly sloppy Hard stop here Don't amend the commit completely Fix this Is it possible to just undo the commit and redo it properly? If you ever pull this shit again Claude we are done permanently  This is completely unconscionable from you. I want to understand how to nuke this so that literally nothing possible can leak. I don't want it to be in the history at all. I want to pull back the commit and properly fix it, then recommit and try to push. Thank God it was denied. Thank God. Completely horrifying from you.  A few things here, Claude. Number one, I want you to write this up and put it in a document that I'll share back with them. That's how we will communicate with the other sessions and documents so that they can reference. You should make a folder for this inside of the MD document that we'll share with them in their respective folder prefixed by a number in case we need to share multiple documents with them over the course of their session.  Number three, I need to flag to you something that should have been in every single one of the kickoffs and handoffs. Do not quote time. They have no idea in concept of time. I want them to disregard this concept of time entirely. We have not started the gap analysis transcript yet or plan yet. We must correct this behavior in the gap analysis session.  and fix the handoff and kickoff for the correlation documents accordingly. AI has no concept of time. What they quote as a few days worth of work is most likely a few hours worth of work. They do not get to decide that. I will decide it. It is not their concern to have. Number four, I agree with your flags.  and you should include those in the doc. But with the correction that, again, this time envelope thing is not relevant and not needed and they don't have a concept of it, reinforce that with them that I literally do not care about that and do not want to hear that ever again. For the proposed reply, that is the only thing I disagree with because being more detailed will be the most helpful here. If they hit cloud rate limits mid-session, that's completely fine.  It's not a problem at all. We hit them and we were able to keep going, right? I still like the regular commit and push thing, like you said. Also, I just tried to run the runability session and there was an obscene error on that session's part. And I need to share that with you.  We need to draft a document for them as well as a course correction as well as to set some rules up for the other session too. Because what they did was simply unconscionable. What they did shouldn't even need to be explained, but now that it happened we need to explicitly call it out. Not sure how it is even possible. One more rule to add to the rules file.  Under no circumstances are any names or identifiable information to be used or anything that could be considered sensitive or otherwise improper. For instance, personal issues, people's names, people's emails, API keys, specific identifiers to data sources beyond repository names.  personal commentary or quotes of any kind or similar. Hopefully you can understand the gist of this. It is so that inappropriate information with inappropriate being a descriptor should never make its way into any of these documents. If you feel like any of the documents that you wrote contain any of this, please let me know immediately. In reading them, they look pretty good right now.  If you need to mention people's names, you can simply mention them by company and role or at a high level, like the execution team. I think you called it the customer team for Cisco, which is excellent. I just want to flag this. We want to provide this in the best light possible and never come across as sneaky or subverting or working around.  the client in this document as it will be shown to them as well as used by us. We are never to materially present anything as if we circumvented their policy rules or guidelines or did anything that is hazardous in any way. We will write this like we have been incredibly meticulous with the execution path and plan.  which we have.


