Everyone good morning. Good afternoon, I guess I'm doing well. I'm doing well. I'm I'm up here. I'm on the third floor. I know it's 30. I saw your message. So I didn't I do that's So I'm in the third floor and room number 83 Let me, I know I'm in 94 side. Okay. So let's see if you stay on the WebEx. You know the break room, right? I think so, I think so. Yes, you want me to come and meet you? Why don't you start by in the break room, and I'll come and get you. In the meantime, let me also get the walker. Okay. Sounds great. We can turn from the same room, so come to the break room, and I'll find the walker as well. Awesome. Okay. Okay, do you know where the break room is? The break room? Yes. The bathroom? So they said they wanted me to meet them in the break room. Okay. It sounds like it's some central area. I'm wondering if he just means the coffee place. Break room on which floor? Did he say anything specific? He just said on the third floor. Third floor? Okay.
Actually, it's not always in person needed, but I think the first one-up meetings, if you have made this contact, then it helps to do on the WebEx, so. Yes, yes, yes. So, yeah, we are flexible. We talk to people to WebEx all the time, so. That's not the challenge. Okay, cool. So, where do we get started? I know, Jonathan, me too. And the worker is thinking, what is going on? So Jhara is actually wave and sea coordinator this meeting, but we have all the people needed in terms of all that? No, we were rolling out this bezel. We just rolled out and do production for the next day. And there are a lot of syncs and collapses going on PQC coming, IKEA video coming, NGP FM coming, spectrum coming. So we are working with every branch owner to sit and enable bezel for all of them and bring in that code. And we have sanity issues and build issues. engineers are trying to work, so it's been crazy. We had this quick meeting where we said, OK, these are the areas. Yes. So they are pretty much the same thing what we discussed. And that one, I think I communicated with them that these are the areas to go after. And then we agreed. And after this, the first meeting. Yes. So what are your understanding? What are the questions you have? And we have post. Yes. So I have a bunch of open questions. And these are really, we don't have to answer all of them today. It's going to look like there's a lot. And I know some of them will be there. Yeah, and other things just before calling. Not everything can be started out in the meeting like four of us. I think one of the thing will be you'll have a point of contact who could be like being in real time and they can continue to learn and keep making progress. You also cannot be there in every meeting. So kind of learn the basic understanding question here and then create a guidance where the engineers can ask a question. I think I create the WebEx space. So WebEx space can make it like okay, even if you don't get someone. I do not know who you want to help me. I will add some of my ideas as well to that question. So, we want to make it that use of the effects to collaborate. So, if the other is not helpful somebody else answer or vice versa. I will add two more ideas to that question. I know those clarification questions are very important and it could be anything. So, we are open now that we are in the game. So, this meeting will be kicked out, but then further discussion a lot of questions what are comes we of course, want answer. Our goal is to create value for us, as you see, the worker is kind of struggling with basically a lot of things going on. We really want these things to kind of help us a lot. And we are interested to kind of work in this to make it happen. If we do our job right, your job will be easier. Yeah, that's how I get ready with the maintenance overload or operational overheads. And that way I can spend time on the development rather than working on this work. Well, we definitely have the same kind of a pattern to this. So even from a perspective. This is where I put out, as far as we know, the different systems that are part of this. This does not have to be exhaustive, but this is something that'll be good for us to see if this is complete as part of Discovery, to make sure that it's down. It doesn't have to be super rigid, so if there's something small that we missed, it's fine, but I want to make sure we have all the big pillars of the architecture down pat. And for each of these, maybe it's the same person for a lot of them. But if there's... No, I think that there are different, different teams. I think there are different... Yeah, it's a crossover. Okay. And so for these, this will basically be who the right person to initiate that contact with is, even if it's not the final person that we talked to. Yeah, yeah. So GitHub Enterprise, we have a training tool taken. So we have an engineer who could, who could, maybe, why don't you, maybe we should get a group, Webex group, and then we can start adding the engineers at that site. We already have one. I've got so do you have the engineers also added to that group or it is only high level right now. It's only for four hours Yes, I'm on I'm on WebEx I do have the one chat available to you give that Okay, so mine is C-M-O-O-R-E. Yep, that one. Okay, yep, I just pop up. Perfect. Ah, okay, this is my first time seeing this message. I'll stay in half of these, so I don't know where he's there. So for these, we don't need all of them at once, certainly for the first phase. We don't need the access. I send out any message over there. They need to go to the training. It takes about three hours or four hours of time. Once they do that one, they understand how to work with the GitHub and look at the data and all that one. Then I can give the access to the request. And that, even from the staffing perspective, I can bring that up quickly too. So myself, certainly be here for Onshore. We have two more people, one more that we're about to close on, I think pending the SOW. And then we have both of our offshore resources identified and active right now. Okay, so I'm watching airflow. I think I need to get in touch with another team cat I need to touch in another team Okay, Degas platform and the other team, but we can get to that data as well Jenkins I have the full context I was going to bring in my engineer into that one and he's going to I'm hoping we'll have some kind of a mcp on top of that one to be able to talk to github to get data like how many comments are going through how many branches are there, what is hard, what is having issue or other things, right? What is the issue tracking? How many tickets and other things are going on over there? If there's anything beyond like the normal GitHub workflow that you're using for that. Yeah, we actually use Jira ticketing, but I think we are not using it anymore. I can get used, yeah. Okay. That's something which I need to look into. Okay. Other than one, I think I have a... Six of them I have answers, one I don't have any answer currently. What I can do is I can definitely share this as well, after our meeting. Because basically what I'll go is I'll put this down, I'll keep everything organized from a project perspective here. And I know that even from here I can tell myself I wrote this, a missing basil on here. So if there's anything like that that's been missed, we can add that on. How do they ask a question? What do they do ask? And how do you go pulling the questions? Is there a tracking for all those requests going in? What is the closure? We don't have much for moving. We had it for an year or so. We tried it. But a lot of pushback from the engineers that, hey, I cannot go and create a ticket every single time. And they just ping me and say, yeah, take care of this. Can I create a ticket? No. I think we are used to very informal, so maybe for future if you want to try new issues, then you can get it at that space, you can stoop in and see what is going on and start writing on that. But today I don't think there is an informal to talk something. So that's good enough. Wherever also means how you are going to do the building of the code and the things. So if you only have the read access to the relevant repository, you're not able to build the code. You need a different access for that one. You need an ADS machine to view the code and other things over there. So that's something which we might need to add. So do you want to add a Linux machine for engineers to be able to view the code and to be able to build it maybe. Yeah, this will be great. Then is there anything else big that I'm missing from here beyond Basil? Anything that you can see? No, I think this is... This is only, again, the developer workflow. We are not going into the other boxes, so... Right, right. This is good. Yes. Okay. And that... That's where I have a couple questions. Most of them can be rapid fire. And in fact, I'd probably recommend that we do them almost rapid fire, because there's a lot of them. So we can go into details on them. But most of them will give me enough information if I just get a short answer. In the first one, you already have the answer. Yes. Which is a really informal thing. Which is no. With a single point of contact, as far as the potential that they want team members to see the answers, I think I would put that one. At least for the ones which are on the top, I would be the one. What's the typical turnaround time for the access provisioning? Depending on the number of, you know, how many courses they have to take it and how fast they finish it, we can get the answers for that one. Okay. Should not be more than half a day, maybe a day max. And then for this one? Network access model. So I think they can get a separate machine and they can have a Cisco What is it called? Cisco Image. If you have your own laptop, then you can take the Cisco Image and install that on your laptop. There's some documentation related to that one. Are you aware of that one? Yes, and I think for myself, we're already having laptop provisions. I'll get a Cisco Image laptop, I think. Is your team, I think I might get to this, but just while we're on this topic, is your team mostly on Mac? Or do you prefer, have any strong preference towards one or the other? No, there are people who isn't. Windows as well. Sometimes teams are specific to that platform. And a network access model that I think we discussed on that one VPN. That means Cisco laptop or if you have your own laptop, then Cisco image can be installed on that laptop. And like for instance for myself, like if everything's on-prem and I'm looking back in Pittsburgh for that time, is that something where you want me to access everything through VPN or is that taking care of that? It will be VPN. If you don't have VPN, it probably won't allow you to connect to emails or machines or anything. Okay. And for that, I think I could be wrong here. I think Rahul Bhubali on our site has already initiated that for at least the equipment side for this network access process. But if there's anything beyond that, I think I'm sure we can get that worked. He seems to have that pretty well under wraps from the other people that we've put in Cisco. Yes. Yeah, 4 and 5 are, yeah, and 61 are there any protected tires? No, I don't think. Yeah, this will be a small team in any way. So really, five people total, three onshore, myself included, two offshore, so it's small enough that we don't... I think that's something that Cisco will take care of, so I'm not... I think for myself, my background check is already initiated. I believe it's complete, but I'll have to double check that. This question, it was just, can we do some non-sensitive discovery work in the meantime, just to get the ball rolling here? Okay, always have to ask. And then we have the answer to nine as well. We'll do this. And by that, the image? Yeah, we need to get a ADS machine. It's called the... That would be a Linux machine to be provisioned to these users so they can log into those machines to check out the code or view the code and be able to build and stuff like that. That would be the ninth one. I would be the one to give that access. There's no VPN. This is going to be on top of VPN. So once you have a VPN, then you can connect to these machines to be able to do some... Okay, these are presumably on-prem. On-prem. Gotcha. They are in the data center of Cisco. Yes, very familiar access pattern here then. Yeah. Okay. This side developer side tooling, I think at that point. Yeah. That is going to be the ninth and tenth are going to be in conjugation. Right. Because we're effectively on-site. Yes. In a way. Yeah. Once you get into that outside, then you can start checking out the bid box spaces and be able to build the code and look at the code. What are we doing? Is there a staging or development for the CAC retooling where you can safely check? We have a development, but we are not using it as much. We have a regular one, but you will not be able to commit the code. If you have a read-only access, you can read through the PR validations going on over there, but you will not be able to open a new PR for those. I see. Okay. Now, is that something that you'd like to keep? So while we're doing this development work, especially because Just like anything, especially early on, we'll be a little bit, I don't want to say messy, but we don't have that structure formed yet until we get some momentum. Do you want us to keep it totally isolated from your existing staging? That's what I'm saying, so if you have a read-only access, you cannot stage anything. Right, right. Because you cannot do any modifications to the code or anything. Right, right. You could make it on your workspace and commit and then have that git repository, local git repository have that one, but if you try to push it, GitHub is going to reject your arguments. Good, good. That's what it is, because we want to make sure we're not doing things without you. Yeah, yeah. Good, we're already a fifth of the way down here, so very quick. The next one is about on-prem. So I could see for this project we'll need two things. They don't necessarily have to be their own servers, and they don't necessarily need to be heavy, especially to start. So one is on the topic of the database. We'll need a back-end database to keep this information organized. We can use whatever we want to. My team prefers Postgres. We can set that up. I don't think we have. All of our services are in MySQL, so I can give you MySQL. That's fine. Completely. And how big is the data and what's that looks like? So this will be something where it's fairly modest, especially to start out. So for this, something where we have maybe in the realm of maybe something like a 250 GB. My more like, what is the number of transactions part of you, what is the rows, maximum rows, 250k, million rows, what is that going to look like? So that I can give you once we get a little bit further down. Because that'll be part of my question. How many transactions do we have flowing through Git every day in order to... How many panel connections do we need? Any concurrence in other things? Right. That's why I left that kind of fairly open. But to know if this is something that's more self-service, let's just go. It's something we have. I think it's self-service, but I don't know. Yeah, I'll check with IT and that one. So we have about three services which we are using from the IT. Do I need to procure another one? I don't know. Yeah, because we can always stack on top of it. And I was going to say the same for Airflow. Like if you want for Airflow, we could do because we're going to try to stick with your stack for all this. So even for Airflow, whenever we're doing development, if we want to, even what we do internally at Bay1, we use Airflow for a whole lot of things. So if we want us to spin something up, if there's a Linux machine on site where we can just deploy Docker containers, and for the sake of this early development, we can do that. Or if you want us to leverage what you already have, we can do that too. It's a container, but it's not a Docker container. It is a apartment container from Red Hat. So we have that provision. That'll answer for 15? Yeah. What does the raw pipeline data come currently? It's an on-prem. On-prem, so on-prem, and this will be, I think, if it's any of us I'm remembering right, this was about, I think it's MongoDB. It's a MongoDB. Okay. And it's just one of them, or is it, are there other locations where? No, it's one location. Okay. And then, is there anything that exists today for logging? We have Splunk connected to our Jenkins to be able to push all our data into Splunk. But I don't know if you can access that one. I can give you the Jenkins access for you to go directly and pick up the log information from there. Splunk is given for the security team for them to go and snoop and find out if there is anything going on maliciously. And that'll be fine for us too. I figured it was Splunk. It makes sense with you guys. But yeah, even if it's direct connection, that'll be fine too. Because that'll be part of that whenever we do the next quarter integration and the box C. That'll connect all the different services together. So if we need to build that layer, the good thing is we have something very predictable if we're interfacing directly with the services. So I don't know if we can get to all the questions today. This is supposed to be a 30-minute meeting and I have something else planned after this. Okay. Then maybe what I can do... Maybe we can do one more tomorrow. Yeah, I can jump to the important ones today. And then we could get through the main ones there and then tomorrow. Yeah, it would be great if we could, if you have some time. Yeah, let's do tomorrow one more time. Tomorrow I have... today I have a third discussion today. Okay. Okay. So we finished till 17? We're finished till 17, yeah. Okay. Scrally, do you have anything very critical one? I can answer that one. I think probably the two that are critical for me. One is for the AI part of this. So what I'm going to assume is that you want us to use any AI services that are provided by Cisco natively for the work. I think that soon you will be able to help. Soon you want... calling to use the circuit or any no no okay it will be an application on the deep side okay so Cine is going to help you with that okay okay yeah because that's the one because for for our team I just want to make sure we're compliant with whatever you want for the development cycle yeah Here, same thing for like, you know, if it's like an API, if you guys have an enterprise subscription, or I don't know if you are on something like Azure, GCP, that you want to host models there as well. Yeah, yeah. I think since you and your team already have a platform related to that one, so you'll be a new application built on top of that platform. I see. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then so that's probably the most pressing one. From the other standpoint of this, it's just a matter of getting the access. The last question I would have... Deployment builds and airflow and orchestration and all that. Yeah, I think that that's going to start after that. And people are going to have injuries, will have some issue or something. We can always help them. We have the group, the webex space is there, so to win. Yeah. And then last two, I'll save one for everyone if Annette's coming back to this, because it'll... I just want to know, from us kicking off perspective, today's our first discovery meet. But I know from a quarter perspective, because we're already almost a month into Q3 for a year. So I think we'll be okay right now if we keep going right now at this pace. But if we wait a couple more weeks to get it, it's going to get really tight for that Q1 deliverable to be delivered by the end of the... Q3 for you on the calendar. So I just want to make sure we're being honest with you on that, but also you understand. Anything else if you have it? Maybe tomorrow we'll do, we'll discover more time. Yes. 31 minutes. Cool. Alright. Thank you, Preeti. Thank you. Yes. You could spend some time with Srini and then get the help on DeepSight's side of things. Okay. So, Kanjan, what we have is an AI platform. It's for DeepSight. It's for DeepSight. Let's go here. You can see that this is already live. OK. And we call this the entire infrastructure that gives a total less. And we think that if you go here, it does much of ours. OK. Nice, very nice. So we have planned with the plan design, build this, go to your knowledge. We plan to build much of ours. We already have almost like eight or 10 hours, but we're going to release one at a time. So this week we launched triage, like last class. Yeah, this week only. Yeah, this week we launched the, last weekend we launched the prior jump. Then end of this week we're gonna launch a roundbook. and we have the telemetry which is aggregation of all the applications but we have a bunch of other apps like CACD pipeline and what not right and of course we need to come up with a good name for you existing CACD app how do you integrate with the infrastructure so I need to once you are in I'll talk to the team and see how we can leverage the infrastructure that we have built for the CACD and you build on top of it once you call the requirements okay So the way this is set up is probably to get you the... What do you call it? Do you have a Cisco ID? So I do not yet. So it's pending my background check. Finishing. So I initiated my background check, I believe, early last week. And now for this week, I think it's just pending. So I just have to talk to... Do you guys already signed the IDA and all? I believe so. I believe so. No, but it can't form. But otherwise, I can't share this stuff. That's okay. Let me confirm and I'll get back to you right after this. I just need to talk to Zara and see where it's at. So I assume that NDA is signed. I'll share you an email ID. That email ID has my presentation. It's a basic form of what a platform is. And some of it's capable, basically. Not everything, but some of it. So if you go through the recording for one hour, or one and a half hour, you get pretty much a good understanding of how the triad graph is done and it also has some builds and results of all the other infrastructure pieces that you might, if you will be using because you will be one more app here. Right. You are not building anything in AISTAC because all the U.S. type is given, AISTAC is given to you. Everything else is given to you. Right? All you have to do is build an LCP, build a patch of prompts queries and stitch it here. That's it. So the work becomes simplify the entire thing, the idea is to develop an AI app pretty fast. So if you have a good, once you get the good understanding of the requirements, and once you onboard your engineers, my expectation is within like two months, we should have an app running live here. Because all the infrastructure is already built for you. All you have to do is write on top of it. You're not doing anything from scratch, because you'll provide SDK and everything. I will forward you my presentation that I did for the entire DCT. You can basically, what do you call? What is the email ID? In the same WebEx space, I think you can use Bay1 CI Studio Workspace. That's one. And I'll offer it in this chat as well. I can put it in the space here, you're right. You can get an email from there, you can put it there, all options from there. If you put it here, then it makes it easier. The only thing is the information is controlled. I think it is external. I see what you're saying. Right now, I think Colin has an external B1 ID. I don't have to link the information outside. Okay, let me... I'm just gonna ping Rahul right now to see what the status is for mine. That way that'll make it... Once you have it, then you can ping something and you can really cut it. Yes. But that should happen quickly. I know we've been... I did the background verification as soon as we got it. Okay, okay. Yeah, but I can share with you prior to coming for the, for now. I assume, who else has it? Zara now they are, they are not Cisco, right? Okay, then Zara has Cisco ID. Is it? Yeah. Okay, this one. Why it says is GC something? Let's just see for whom? But you mean that space name they put is GC something, I don't know. I don't know what space you are talking about. SGC. No. Leave that one. Not the one C created. I don't know why C created it. Different one. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. So we should not have... There was already one. It secreted one more. Can you bump it up or put some message on there? I'll use that one. Oh, you mean... Okay. I'll put... It's the message that you created. We'll start with B1. Okay, just B1. B1. And this is the same thing Java created replica that is not needed actually Let's use I'll just put it here. Oh, I see I see She made another one on top of the one Because there might be more engineers too Okay, so... Do you have SCD or R and U2? Yeah, go to Bay1. I look at... Bay1, SCD, WG, that one, right? Yeah. I'll just put this right in reverse. Okay. Okay, so for mine, Rahul just got back to me, starts from me, my background track is done. NDA, we can get that signed by today, end of day, so it doesn't exist. Okay, I'm sharing you the Webex link and password. Okay. Okay, Webex, please. Once you go through it you get a pretty understanding of what your app will look like because you follow the same look and feel, chat, AI chat, everything says nothing before. So you just go through that, you get a full view of it. And then once we create the requirement, once you create a requirement job, then we'll go through the flows, what the workflow will look like. And I need to, we already have a CICD application built today. In the next two weeks, I work with Arun's team, Rui is there. to launch that application. So, what we need to do is we need to ask Rui to because we are busy with our school and other stuff. So, we need to I think Rui also stuck something. So, the way I am thinking is for Kotlin to start, in the next two weeks if the Kotlin is trying to gather the requirement and do that easily to study. By that time, if we get our app like next two to three weeks or live on the deep side platform with the current form, whatever we have, then Kotlin can pick it up from there. Maybe can you put that request to the Webex group, Rui and us up there, just put that request. Yeah, I will do that. But you got the vision, right? So, I do not want Conley to spend time on say what infra will look like, what it is. We will already, we are already 90 percent there, just 5-10 percent there is small issues up there. We will fix it and we will launch the CACD app. Ok. Ok sir. It is all set up purpose, it does not solve the entire thing. But Conley can actually and team can actually take that. Ok. Stack whatever we have done and build on top of it the other team based on the new requirements. Ok. Ok. So, we can work in parallel now. Okay. That's perfect. You've got to answer some questions from the worker? Yeah, this is great actually. So, I'm really- There will be a lot more, keep using the L- Webex space. Yes. And also on the L- Webex group, if something is not moving, then I will be expedited. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. And the access will be the first thing, so we'll make sure we get everything as quickly on that as possible, because otherwise there's not too much we can do before then. And then on the- Repository side, that's one question. So I know there will be a standard development flow for this. There's also going to be code for air flow. There'll also be code for the existing CISD work, yes. I was wondering if it's- So on that question, as a part of the deep side, we have the repos created for every application. Okay, great. So for the infrastructure, whatever you want to write, tell them. So you'll commit a code there. They'll lock it through the other people. And they walk a stream or it's contributing there. Okay. Okay. Okay. and access to the actual NS code with there's a separate access that the worker is saying so you need to go to the training and get an access to that okay we can do that and i'll have everyone there'll be five of us total i'll have everyone do it i'll be the first to have it so he can get me the quickest but i'll make sure everyone else gets that as well when other people will get uploaded so i have one person that's with me immediately today another person that'll be available within two weeks in another that's... So the one person has already completed their background check and we're in the process of requesting the hardware now? So we'll make sure that's that's why I asked these questions not because... Sometimes we forget to ask them and we end up doing something you don't want us to do. So I always want to make sure. Anand, one thing you may need help from how it is, any time any new engineer joins, right? And it could be Bevan or something like that. We are spending a lot of time to get the ADSR or the provision to those engineers. And it is done by Cisco but it is taking time from us. Correct. So there is no set procedure on what they need to follow. And sometimes we wait some approval for the highway. I'll say I keep pinning him, can you approach this guy? So this is something I think is bested to this group on top of regular Cisco onboarding, correct? So we need to create a, because now that we have so many contacts on Maha, we need to figure out how to scale out, right? Yeah, so let's take this example, I want to monitor how this one goes, and I'll take a look at otherwise, but I think let's... I think so. So for that, the DeepSight platform, that'll take care of most of the AI questions. That's great. So that'll be good for us. Other than that, it's just a matter of what we want to do. So if there's other things that are going on that can be complementary to this that you want us to work within, almost like those are constraints for requirements, even if they're active projects, we can do that. So I'd rather make you something that... Absolutely. So I started all the questions and you learn a lot more in the process. And the thing where I want to make sure that if you have a question, you're getting the answer. And sometimes you post a question, people could not respond. And it's like, it could be that they're really busy because you have to grab the worker from the other room and get in here. The basil thing was going on. And Sydney was supposed to be here joining in person. you got to check since morning is debugging something so it can happen naturally but I'll try to make sure that I'm paying attention and I feel an unpopular stuff is something else you can try keeping me so I can resolve it but I'll continue to monitor it and make sure it's nice. Then what would you like so we can do a couple of things and I can even just propose them to you for it for how we're keeping up today. So at a high level, at a low level, we'll always have like any stay in the meetings or anything that the team wants. At a higher level, how do you want us to track progress? Correct. I think, I guess it will take a week or two to get on board in process. Right. So maybe two weeks from now, is that okay? I think I've had a catch up and I would like, let's say, when I think like when I can do like just let's say. at my level and then maybe I have to also keep some places where I can involve Arun also depending on where we are. So let's two weeks from now, let's do a catch-up between maybe three of us here. And then following week and then we come and catch like how to do it. And again, we want to keep aligned of course with the progress and keep the updates proper. So between us, I think these guys will work very closely. I think it does at least within two weeks and then we can do more. I'm open to suggestions too. But I think the main thing for you, for me to unblock you and get the progress and get questions you have or anything, because there is a lot of intake from outside to you before you can start it. That's the problem. One thing I insist our problem is, since you are new to jargon and technology, you should always say, can we have a recorded session. Okay. Yes. Even today, whatever the worker has said, you might think it is pretty easy. But it will go over the head. So then you will say, okay, one was done. You can ask anything. You can ask anything, but make sure that they are recorded and you can refer back and because many other team members will say, hey, take a day, record, go through all the recording. Correct, correct. Yeah, simply, you know, I think that's good. You are going through like day in, day out. He's going through this process. So he's up to date. And then if any other thing, question you have, you can ask that. It's not going well. What should I do? Be open. I think you're right. Okay. Saying something versus recording in place, how to do it, that will make you like 10 constants. Yes. Yes. And I think you'll see for me, I keep things very organized. Even from an AI perspective, we have to, I would say, practice like we play. So you'll find, if we can have recordings, then I can keep everything very meticulously in line. Wonderful. So I'm... That's good, that's good. I annoy my team, but it's in a good way. I hope, at least for me. And it doesn't matter if it's not, because we're still organized. Yes. Okay, so from that perspective on us, the last is, especially early on, and I'm going to make myself, this is a priority project for us, so we're going to make sure this is perfect for you. There's two last items. One is, I think this SAW is still pending. I ended up doing something by mistake. So there was an SAW that existed for Sara Tawari that was there, and then the news cohort that came in. I think it was split because it's an onshore plus offshore. Whoever does the SOWs, I accidentally made a tool for the wrong way. I ended up making an SOW generator for Cisco because I thought there was our internal SOW structure. I'll tell you in once that it's... We can start it off. I think first time it's always a challenge, so I already gave it some to see that when my team actually takes care of it. Okay. And then Gerard started thinking, but I know she's there, so I'll talk to her. Perfect. Sure, it is started off. And then the last is on the striking. So when I had originally done this, I did it as quarters. We're almost a week shy of a month into the Q3 now. I think if we keep on going right now, the current pace will be okay to put a catch up. If it gets shifted and we can't get access for another week, the question would be, is it okay if we go with more of a week-based? Look at that, we've managed that. I just didn't want to get it. I know practically it's never possible to start quarter here and there, so we understand that, and we're very flexible on that. So whenever we get started, the quarter starts then. That was my question. It's like I want to make sure I'm setting my expectations even for the team. Those are all, I think, first time, of course, onboarding and it's... I mean, Cisco would like to have started, but obviously, really, it's not possible. So we know we deal with these things, so we'll manage it entirely whatever way, most logical way. It's called business reality versus engineering reality. It's the difference. OK. This is good. So yeah, so then probably the next is once we get all the access, once the NDA is signed as well, and I'll put that in the chat as soon as I know that it's done. I think probably next is picking out these people. I'll ping Devakar for those and anything else. Once we have the NDA signed, as soon as you guys can hide, are you the right person to talk to about this deep site? I'll watch the videos, I'll understand everything. We have a similar platform, so that's a really cool thing. Yours is much nicer, I have to say, for the UI, but it's similar. approach to it. That's amazing. Already great work. I can't wait to see and integrate with this. You need to step back and say, how do I make this infrastructure generally so that we can leverage it in other places. So you guys are not building a pointed solution, but you're building infrastructure pieces where I can leverage in other places. As I told you, the AI platform, we already built a bunch of things, right? And obviously, as we go to the agenda for infrastructure, I need more infrastructure that I need to build, and as a successful team, It's very hard for me to do everything in and out. So I want to leverage you guys while you are here so that any infrastructure, any requirement we give, always put two cards when you evaluate. One, will you solve my current need? Two, can it be extensible? Or can I today write the infrastructure in a way that it is available for agentic infrastructure? So anytime I myself deviate it, you have to correct me. I say that, hey, stringy, you are wrong. And obviously, if you fail here, please feel good to correct me. But sometimes, I may be a little bit aggressive in the meeting, saying, why this cannot be done. Because I go very fast, very, very fast. People know me who are working with me. And sometimes, team might say, why stringy is so aggressive, right? Because that's my nature. So you can hold me saying that, hey, we are looking at the other requirements, and we are trying to evaluate blah, blah, whatever, right? But the point is, anything we do, should be future proof and ready to enable the agentic infrastructure. So while you are solving your current need, we may be solving another agentic infrastructure behind the scenes. So when you complete, we want to just level it just like that. So just make sure that you have two hats and say current need and future need. It can be opened in terms of giving the feedback, working through, it's just like it's an internal team. Once you start working, it's an engineer-to-engineer conversation. You'll find a good partner. So we'll feed you all around colleague. And it'll be like you'll be also be part and parcel of the heated discussions. You'll agree, disagree, and then right, wrong. Once you are onboarding, you are my friend. So I'll treat you the way or treat me the same way as a colleague. So that's the expectation. So you can always correct me saying that you are not here. I don't mind in the private or for me it doesn't matter. From the technical point of view, it doesn't matter if you can catch me anywhere, even in peak meetings. Saying that hey, something you are missing here requirement, probably we are not. Address it, we should do it, something like that. But the key thing is we want to go in the right direction, take the right technical decision, and move forward, right? Yes. So, yeah, that's the, after you see how in action, how it is happening, and at some point, we'll pull you into other set of meetings also, so that when the CIC applications are running, I'll make pull you guys in, so that you know what's happening behind the scene, so that once we come into phase one, you will have, you will start to have income failure on this also. Perfect. And we can discuss all the strategy in our, let's say status meeting, two weeks, five weeks. Cool. And if the doctor is busy for some reason, don't mind paying him or paying any of us to expedite again because this guy also gets pulled from multiple things. Yes, thank you. I will. I will. I'll pick him. I'll be a good partner. I'm actually really looking forward to it. Excellent. Cool. Very good. Sweet. Thank you. I'm looking forward to working with you. Yes, sir. Very looking forward to it. Thank you, Suni. Thanks. Bye. Usually, I mean, I shouldn't say this, but sometimes in solutions and things like this, there's two types of client. There's type one that wants you to do something exactly as prescribed, and against all of your instincts, you have to do it. Exactly, yes. Refreshing, that's not to actually be a part of this. No, it's true. I think the right thing is always C. We are also forced to do that. There is a customer requirement, there is a timeline requirement. Should I do the right way? That's what the estimate requirement. That question also comes to us in one way or the other. And of course, the freedom is to do the right way. That's how engineers master it. Otherwise, you're forced to do something, you don't like it, or that's not optimal. But I think these guys are like mindset. My first boss is an amazing mentor. I mean, I got so lucky with him. No, that's very important. He told me that the Golden Rose and he'd maybe live it a couple of times, which was, you have time to do it, redo this, so I'm on down the line, a week done. Where I feel good is whenever I can walk away from things and I don't have to hear about them or touch them in 10 years. That's great for me. That means I did something right. It's an amazing strategy. I love that. It's exciting. I mean, keeping up with the news for Cisco, I mean, that's a lot of really exciting.

