Is ready Sorry about that. My mic isn't working even on the team's call. So I couldn't hear anyone speaking at least so if anyone was talking apologies That's right, that's right, I'll have to share the transcript with her I have to kind of get in sync with her because the thing is  You know, we can't really do anything with her until she's formally on board with Cisco. Like, that's the problem. At this point, she's still not, and as unfortunate as that is, it is what it is. I have to wait for her and Tunisia both to really get involved until they've completed their onboarding, they have a laptop. So even on this, we'll have to just give her a recap. No problem. Here, good morning. Sorry.  No worries, no worries. Good morning. So I know there's still a lot of things pending. So basically what I wanted to do is just use this time to get on sync with everyone, make sure we're on track for today for the things that we can show and deliver. So we're ready. I think the trick here with Cernivas is really, you know, they keep on trying to make things available, but I mean, it's not working.  So I don't really know what the issue is. I know, for myself, I've put in these requests about 10 times at this point. So if their internal tool's not working, there's nothing that we can do. They know what we need. Devakar's one of the owners of it, so Srinivas, so they don't even need that utility in order to grant access. That's just a procedural thing.  But in the meantime, I'll at least ask, did anyone happen to get access? And has everyone at least tried to get access to that location? And have you requested for the ROM bundles? Yes, Colin. I have requested the bundles at convention, but I haven't received any access. So even regarding the tenant ID, I'm not sure whether we are assigned any tenant ID or not, because I believe that's the main part where we are stuck with the permanent IDS machine.  Well, so we already have the permanent eds machine per devaco, so there's no nothing to set up there at all It's just a matter of logging into it. Did you try to log into it? Yes, I did try to log in but my ad password doesn't work there. So does it look like I'm allowed to log SSH that machine? Got it. Got it. Got it. So that that makes sense One thing I'm just taking some notes  Yeah, and that's that's consistent because I think and That's what sugar you would seem to I think yours was a little bit different because you had a Unix password prompt which is odd because Unless your laptops configured differently that most likely means that your ad worked, but it shouldn't have worked without prompting So sugar for you, did you have to put in your ad password first and then you got the Unix prompt or how did that?  No, I haven't got the AD here at all. So from the first like I am getting the same UNIX password So I was going around I couldn't find any answer for that. So I reached out I reached out yesterday to the support I think I it got like created like etiquette got created in their knowledge space  But I replied, I mean, I followed up yesterday night also, like I don't see any reply from anyone. So I tried with my laptop password, CEC password, all of them, it did not work. So it is something on the account itself, so the password gets created or configured.  and then level it off. So... Right, right. And so that's what I'm wondering because typically, so one of two things will be true here. And basically, from the way that everything's ever worked for me in the past, I would say, with AD machines, is that typically you will have an...  Active Directory login, you'll get through that and then you'll be met with the Unix login screen. Because basically one is to authenticate you on the network, the other is to log into the device itself, the virtual machine itself. So that's where I was thinking, you know, if you've got that, but if it's skipped over that and just went right ahead to the Unix login, then that is very strange. And I think let me I'm just going to double check the  the screen shot, because you have it typed in properly too. Just on the last line, there was an AD password, where it says AD password, and for me it is saying the next password. And actually, you know what? That screen shot that you shared with me, so this is something where someone else will have to confirm. The screen shot you shared with me has a message in there that says, this laptop or SSH on this device uses Duo.  Enter CEC password at password prompt, authenticate using Duo. Yeah, I see the same. And there are remaining, remaining message, like all the message before, like I see the same thing. Just the last line, like wherever you have to enter your daily password, I get like your next password. Let me see if that is the same. I saw one message yesterday, so will she at the same?  Yeah, because I have a different, I have the same SSH uses Duo, but I have a different, I don't get Unix password, I get AD password. I think Namida, you get that same as well. Yes, I do get AD password. Okay. I got this message like I was, they don't have direct support access, they have like a bot and I have to chat with the bot too.  Get to some resolution. So this is this is one it gave me like I was not able to like access or Use the recommended action. So I raised a ticket like I went forward and raised a ticket  Got it. Got it. So actually, that's, that's okay. So I would say that we've done what we can at this point. We just should be ready to share this today, because I'm going to cover this with Anand. So I'm going to have to say, you know, hey, the team has put in a request to support for the login. And basically, my question to him is going to be, is there a written procedure or document?  reference here because like this this is just I don't I'm gonna tell him like we don't have time for this like if we're at this level of basic and we can't get in my next conversation with him is kind of frankly just be a change request on this because it's they're just not ready for us and it's that simple unfortunately obviously we don't want to hear that and they don't want to hear that but it is what it is so  I'll at least try to figure out with them what they want to do here. There's no other escalation in our end that we can do. So I think for all of you, you've done exactly what you're supposed to do. We put in the requests, as long as I confirm that with you, which it sounds like I can. And you know, already following up to IT, you know, that's a support bot, it's not even a real thing. Yeah, I don't see a path for the ADS. And the thing is, this is not a problem with the...  And I'm still, you know, even prior to that, there's two things conflating each other. There's one, which is the bundle access issue. And then the second is the credentials. So it's not clear right now which one is the problem. Because it could be that the credentials are fine, but it's blocking us because of the lack of bundle approval. You know what I mean? And it's just a bad error message.  are going away by the anoxy and the... Right, right. And that's exactly what I wanted to do. Because for someone like Anand, what he's going to do is he's going to, you know, go to the... He's going to go to the... What do you call it here? The chat before the meeting, and he's just going to, you know, look at that. And then he's going to say, hey, we have been following up. It's not...  you know, a gap in that area, there's not really anything these guys can do. I mean, they're just genuinely stuck in a, you know, debacle just stopped responding. That's something. So that's not ideal, of course. But anyway, it's okay. So we'll get through, but thank you all for at least trying and sticking with it. I think that  We're going to have to just get this one resolved. Obviously, there's no way that we can deploy anything on Friday. There's no path. I mean, there's no deep site set up. There's no, you know, we have gotten an ADS, but, you know, they haven't followed through beyond saying here's the URL. There's not even access instructions. So, especially today, if they come back and say, hey, you shouldn't use terminal, I'm gonna, my next thing's gonna be a hard stop for us until there's a formal document put in place for how we do stuff here.  Because otherwise we're wasting everyone's time. Not us, like we're wasting time, but they're wasting everyone's time. So... And, like, what about if they say, like, just deploy it all locally and show us as a demo for next time? My answer is going to be we spent time trying to work with the support because that was the direction.  So if you want us to do that, it's still not possible by Friday, because we lost so much time trying to fill in the gaps with you. You know, you asked us to troubleshoot, and we did. That takes time. I can't magic up hours in the day for them if their instructions aren't good instructions. So for me, it's going to get pushed back to them. And I know they're not going to like that. It doesn't matter to me. They don't bother me too much. I'll put it like that.  So, all right. So we have that. So then what that does mean is that the other things that we could get done in the meantime, those are going to be very important. So let's start out with that. Let's just go through. And I want to give some time in case there's anything that's not done for the meeting. So maybe, Namita, I know that you had, I think, just sent over that HTML. So why don't we take a look at that just real quick, walk through it.  Then we can talk through the rest of, you know, what you found in your research, how that script's going, stuff like that. Sure. Yeah, so this was one of the diagrams that... Are you using my diagram in planes? Yes. Okay, cool. So this is... This was the approach that I was thinking we can go forward with. So, let's see. So what we have? What we have right now is the input. So, input.  Even before going to this, what is the goal of this project? The goal of this project is a build might fail and then we want to know which commit caused the problem and then based on that we would like to roll back that particular commit so that later on the build can be successful. And to do this, we start with the input. What do we have till now which we could use for it?  So we know the build information. We have two types of builds. The CI build and the CD build. Now we look at the CD part, let's say. In the CD part, given a build, we have this DIF location or DIF directory available to us on the ADS machine at the NFS location. And this DIF will contain all the information about the PRs and the commits.  that were used or part of that particular bid. This is one input for CV. The second input we have this CI part. Let's say a CI build fails. All the information about the PR, the comments and so on is at a different location under full build. Not HTML, this is one of the file. Sorry, not HTML, it is a X file, full build.  again that will have information about bill status but everything is not nicely arranged it's just a bunch of it's kind of like an NLP task we have to find out go through the huge document and get the particular PR nested commits in that and so on so using this what we do is I was thinking what I did till now was using these two commits and PR information  We normalize into one model, meaning that you get, given this particular diff, get all the PRs, get all the nested commits inside that and get a nice view of it. How does it look like? Let's say PR1 was created by so-and-so user on so-and-so date and these all commits went into it and how the commits were formed may be those were the source file commits and so on. So kind of get all this picture into one single JSON.  or we can just put it into a database as well which will have information about this commit to PR mapping in place. So this is the same part like normalize into one model like we have two different models right because it can come from CD as well as CI so you know they're just trying to create it into one single file which will give us all the information. This is the main part where we are mapping PRs to the integrated commits.  So we have lot of PRs, we have lot of comments and with this we see how given a bit which all PRs went and how they were related to each other. It shows the relationship between them and so on. So I'll just show this part first and we can go to the next step.  So what we talked about till now is what information that we have. Let's say we talk only about the input right now. Okay, I have downloaded these diffs here and the CI full build. So just to give you a brief understanding how the input looks like inside this CD we have this diff, right? You have multiple, this is one build information. This is not multiple builds, this is only one build having one diff folder.  Inside this, all these PRs, sorry not PRs, the commits were in place. So we have a different file for it. So based on this, we need to find out the commit number, the PR number and so on. This is a used file. And similarly for CI, it's even a bigger file for CI where everything is scattered into one single full-bridge information.  So we need to read this file, get all the information about the PR, ID, SHA and so on. So this PR to commit mapping we have, this PR to commit mapping will give us this output. Let me show you. For example, if we give him the CD part, which is all this multiple files in place, this is what it will look like. So it will give me, okay, I'm talking about CD right now. The source I'm using here is Defon.  But now this is the main crux of the program what it gives us. It tells me in this build there were total 5 PRs that went in and out of this 5 PR there were total 6 commits. Now we need mapping for these commits and PRs like which commit belongs to which PR and so on. So under pull request  We go to the first PR here. Out of 5 PRs, we go to the first PR, this 8, 6, 5, so on. It gives some information, some metadata about it, which will be useful for us later. This PR will only have one commit here in this file. Sometimes it has two, so it will give number two. And this is the commit's information inside it. So under commits, you can see the SHA. This is what we are looking for.  With this mapping, what do we get to know? Okay, for this full request, this ID, this is the commit SHA for the same. Similarly, this is the commit SHA. Then we need evidence. Like how did we come up with this mapping? So here there are some information, some extra information that can be used. For example, this commit was seen.  This commit was seen as this line number and so on so in in this file Then we have this PR URL field then what was the value of it? from where did we find it and so on and This gives us a request way as well as the branch because this is what will be required later on not right now But as the program proceeds Yeah, this is what it gives like all the different PRS and timestamps  Similarly, full build all the same thing, same output based on it will give the PR count, the commit count and how the mapping looks like between them. So, this is a spartan map PR to integrated commits. Now, we have this mapping in place. Now, what to do next? Obviously, we need to find out given a build it has failed. We need to find out this build failed  because of which commit. And to find it, we are using logs. We have bunch of logs in place. We take a blocked file. We give it to our program. And based on the error, we find out which commit caused the problem that is in place. That part I had done last week. So given a log file, find out which.  If error occurred, that error occurred because of which commit? Because as we saw previously, one PR, in that build, let's say there is one PR, but there are five commits there. Not all the five commits are causing the problem. Let's say only commit three is causing the problem. So here it will tell me or tell us that commit three is the problem here. This is the reason why the build has failed. This is what step five looks like till now.  or that is the work we have done till now. Now the next part comes into picture about the dependency graph and the rule back strategies. So let's say we map the failing commit back to its root PR. Then this commit will be dependent on multiple PRs, right? So that is where the dependency graph comes into picture. So some research which I did was and some of the recommendation  provided walls. When we are trying to build a dependency graph of this PR and commits and how they might have caused a problem, it's ideal not to create the whole dependency graph meaning that instead of we just take the latest fail bit and the latest good bit which is successful and take all the commits in between them  and create a dependency graph out of it so that we know how this commits would have caused problem because previously everything failed. Everything was successful. And now it has failed. So you see only the picture in between those. So maybe we can have more discussion regarding this and I can get more information about this in place. Now once we have the dependency graph here in place like which all commits.  are actually related to each other then we should choose a rollback strategy but again we need some inputs here also or we need to I'm trying to figure out like how rollback strategies can be taken into place do we revert entire new comments and PR that happened in between the failed and the successful ones or we just  Point to the part where it caused a problem and only roll back that So that is kind of choosing the rollback boundary What is the range that you want to roll back? Because this is also not a simple task of just taking everything and rolling back because we have to make sure whatever we roll back Does make sense. We do not roll back anything that was successful or that was not causing a problem Then based on that we produce a recommendation for it. This is the rollback we want  And this is the recommendation that we would be going forward with. And if the user agrees with whatever we have recommended, then we can execute that rule back or have a human gate here. And that person would be able to go back and so on. So this is a brief idea. I was thinking this is how it should look like the project would look like for us. Awesome.  Very nice, very nice. So let me, first of all, great work. Seriously, great work on this. So I'll have a couple of questions. Two things really quick. Number one, very good presentation. I want to say that. So you caught yourself in the beginning and you did something that I've been saying and I'm really happy about that, which is, you know, introduce what you're talking about before you just dive into it, which is great.  That's super helpful, especially because, you know, like even us internally, we all know what's going on. But for any of us, for Anand, for Devakar, they might not have that context. Right. So that's a perfect thing to do. The only thing that I would add on to it is stress something that you did here that was really good. That might not be obvious at first glance, which is that up until a certain step, which is realistically step five, and then, you know, there's some gap and then some more steps.  There are things that can be used universally across any repo. This is not specific in a good way. This is not specific to CICB. This is an approach that works for any repo. These are deterministic GitHub commands. And that's an important point to raise because that's a really powerful thing. What they were building were custom scripts that are specifically for this case, but now this is a solution for anything.  that you want to do in GitHub, so across repositories. That's an important call out for this. Now, yes, absolutely true. You know, parsing failed build logs and mapping failed commit back to root PR. I think probably step five is the most custom one here that's custom to CIC. But even six and seven are, and eight, for that matter, nine. Yeah, all of those are relevant for anything else too.  So that's something I would stress just for the reusability of this. So yes, very good. So let me ask the questions that I know CernyVest will ask or eventually will ask. So number one is, you know, what did we do different at a high level, you know, not tactical, but what did we do different than the prior approach that was being tried with Justin? That's probably is number one thing like, and that also something we have to stress.  because I think this is quite different than what he was trying before yes so what I believe what Justin has done the world is completely different than what Srinivas is asking us to do right now so what Justin has done given a log file fails sorry given a build fails he will go and check out okay based on this diff it has failed  we go and ask the LLM what is the solution for it. LLM will suggest some solution and Max it will have only three tries and give us the output. That's it. But here what Sri Dhamma is asking us is he is more interested to know why a particular build failed, which commit caused the problem,  Once you know the commit that has caused the problem, we want to roll back all those bad commutes in place. So all this commit part of rolling back, understanding which commit caused the problem was not handled in the current project that they have or the current book that Justin has done. So what Justin's doing, he's generating a diff. Maybe it might help us to solve the problem.  So but but even for him if he's got a diff like even diff itself is just a git command so that's what I was always confused about with him because You know like that's these are just building you know git functions Is he using the building git functions or is he writing it kind of possible? He is not using git functions in the sense he's just taking the diff Which has caused the problem giving it to LLM  an LLM is suggesting output let's say a comma was missing in the syntax mainly it is a compilation error or syntax error let's say a semicolon was missing so LLM is suggest oh in this sentence or in this statement a semicolon is missing please add a semicolon this is how it looks like so okay that makes sense  So then the question would become, so whenever he says diff, so diff, and again, I know I'd probably sound extremely pedantic, but it does matter. Is he talking about not just the lines that failed, because that's not a diff by itself, a diff has to be, stands for difference. So it would show like a plus and a minus at the bottom, like here's what line got added, here's what line got changed to remove. Is that specifically what he's talking about? Or is he just talking about the output log?  So you're asking the diff that is present here, right? So diff here for one particular build is not only for the failure that caused it because right now no one knows our program is supposed to do that. So in this diff folder, we have this multiple dot diff files, right? So in this entire new code, diff minus minus plus plus, that vent is being shown. It has nothing to do with error logs here.  Right, right. And this is your system, not just this, right? Or is this the same for both of you? So he is not at all using this part. He's not at all using this diff part. He's using prune error logs. Prune error logs? Yeah, sorry. Yeah, in prune error logs, let me show you if I have it. You see this?  Yes. So it's kind of using something like this. Okay. So that, so if you show like a, is that, is this the normal size of one? Is this like normally how they look? Yes, this is the prune. Prune is like the smaller version of very big logs. So this is this, for example, this is a very huge one, right? NXOI-64 parallel, very huge. And then they make a prune out of it, which gives us kind of a summary why the issue failed.  I'll show you this one. Line guard. Yeah. So in this one, it will show kind of this error which occurred. So for example, this Bistroon SRC is duplicated. Then it will find, OK, this error. What was the actual error? For example, the same error has occurred in all the lines. So it is showing the same error in all the error 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.  and so on. Does that help? Yeah, yeah. Um, okay, so, and that's, that's good. So that's an error in his terminology. If he's saying diff, he is not using a diff. Um, he's, and that's something that's important to certain of us, because certain of us might be expecting a diff. Um, your way is the correct way. His way is impossible. I just have to say it like that. His way is good for deterministic basil errors that can, or basil errors that can be like resolved, uh, by looking at documentation.  So the reason is is that he's only looking at, even if he was looking at the pruned errors, that's fine, but that's not a diff. You don't have a way to say what was and what is. So this is where it's a separation. This is exactly what Cernivos was talking about, because you have dynamic errors that you need to know state in order to resolve, and then you have static errors. And what Justin did is he's essentially trying to solve for static errors.  he's not able to say that this get this PR that's not even a path frame to walk there's no possible way for him to do that so that's that's good that's good that means we are solving the gap but we're going to have to figure out how to phrase that phrase that on the call for an update and you know if they say diff I'm gonna step in and say like specifically this is not a diff as long as you're sure that those files are what they are  You might have to pull this up in the call too, so just have him on standby. But, yeah, because he's, if they're talking about diffs and he says I'm looking at the diff, that's not a diff. And that will never be able to resolve code issues. That will be able to resolve basal issues specifically, which makes sense because Devakar's his boss. So that's something I'll stress to Srinivas if it comes up on this call. Okay.  Then the very last two questions, one is, you know, one that I'll have, that Cernybus won't have yet, at least not in the same language I'm using, there is an element of recursion to this. So you have a commit, a PR that has a commit that went into the PR, and then you have the dependency graph. That's the recursion part. You have to see, like, what is that, you know, long-term mapping of, you know, X to Y, Y to Z.  And that directly influences, I think, whatever that point was, let me read here, on 8, the rollback boundary. So that's the problem here, because if they don't have that recursiveness, it's not always possible for it to be recursion. Sometimes there's depth 1, and what I mean is a single commit only touches 1 PR.  and that PR has a relationship upstream of another PR. So one thing he'll ask is like the PR to PR dependency. So I think that's probably pending if I'm not mistaken, but that one's also the easiest to do because PRs by definition are chronological.  So it's literally just as simple as saying, here's the PRs. As a very first step, say, here's all the PRs. Here's the dates in which they were submitted or edited. I would go by the date of the last edit and push to main. Or the date that they were accepted or merged. Pick whatever condition makes sense. That's the single step that makes this recursive. Because then you can say, for that PR, what PRs were upstream? What were their commits?  and so on and so forth. It sounds like with that it's always going to be max depth one or depth two, unless they have some really weird things going on with git branching, which I doubt they do, but just to say that part out loud. That's the only thing that's missing here. The PR to PR dependency is basically only something that you can do.  Because if you think just in so way can never do this it use would have to say There's a chronological dependency on PR's but you need to say which PR contains the thing that caused this error You would need to know the specific diff in the sense of the pluses and minuses And if there's no pluses and minuses, it's not a diff by definition You would need to see that in order to do that trace back with a language model So you see what I mean? So that's that's the the trick here  In Srinivas's mind, he calls that a call graph, that you would just simply marry to this dependency graph. But in reality, that's not really needed. If you have the diff, that's not needed at all, because you'll know exactly what lines changed, and you'll know what functions that you need to investigate beyond that. It actually wouldn't make sense to have a call graph. It would be kind of wasteful at that point. Yes. So, I think we're in good shape with this. This is good. Okay.  Yes, but I think we need, I mean, I need to spend more time regarding this, so back and dependency. There is no straightforward, nicer way to go about it, I think. Right. It needs, it needs, because it's very complex, right? Because how the dependency would be. Dependency is not going to be very straightforward, always. It's going to be complicated, in this, in the sense how the commits and PR rely on each other.  Yes, and this is this is precisely where I'm going to encourage something because we are good So you've done so and I promise I'm not just setting up these conversations, but I'm going to give myself a you know table here Remember what I said in the beginning about the strategy stay deterministic as long as you can and when to bring an AI when I make sense  So this is precisely that scenario. So now that you have that, and you're at the point where you're like, there's not a clear cut path. The very next thing we're going to do is get AI involved, because that's now the right time we've set the stage properly for this. So that's, that's what I'm trying to get at. You know, you've done everything perfect. If we would have brought AI into early, we'd end up with what Justin has. If you bring in AI at the right time, like you could do right now, now you have, you know,  It's like you're the conductor of a symphony and you're standing in front of the band and you've got everything ready for him. You're just waiting for the music to start. That's where the agents can come in to start to do the deep dive investigation and get those things clear. Because whenever it's ambiguous like that, absolutely, there's no deterministic way to do it. That's when you need AI involved. That's exactly the decision point that you're at. So it's a good point of confusion. But just know that that's where we'll bring AI into the mix.  first of all like like Paulin said great book on the slides what I would change about this not like in essence change but I would add like some kind of labeling here for like the deterministic steps that we are doing okay maybe categorize these in two boxes  so suppose we are using some get deterministic steps so just make them into like a big get box and then inside that get we have like steps two three four okay something like this and there ever like we are going to add llf in here like colin's head and you also said that like dependency graph maintaining and rollback strategy itself is not deterministic for each of the pr or bridge cycles  So we can handle that task to the LLM and maybe mark this properly that this is like an agent which we are going to build who will manage like this dependency graph and rollback strategies. Something like that. Yes sir, we can do that definitely. What we'll do for today in the meeting, I think this is where we can just be there and support you on this. So we can speak up. If you feel comfortable completely fine, I'm not going to take that from you.  During your presentation, what I would do is I would pick a dot to say here's, so basically there's two different, or really three different boxes this falls into. One is what's already done, and I think you did say that whenever you were explaining, so that's good. That's a good visual indicator on this slide to say, you know, basically imagine like a horizontal line across to say here's where, as of right now today, the code lies, here's what it's capable of.  And like Sarav said, it is good to show that deterministic boxes because that makes it clear that this is something that scales. You know, these language model first approaches, I mean, if I had a penny for every time I saw someone do them, I'd have a lot of pennies. This is way better because it's actually will scale and it's not going to cost them a trillion dollars. The second line that I would put is the things that we know for sure firmly. So let's say, for instance, that we have something that we  So if you scroll up a little bit, let's say that we have now a line under line four, because that's the work that's effectively done in a sense. And if I'm wrong on that, it's okay, but you understand what I'm saying here. Line one, what I've already done. Line two is things that we have coming up that we know for sure that we need to do.  And those aren't going to change. That's not like even a really a question architecturally speaking. It needs to get done. How it gets done doesn't really matter. It's just this is the logical next step. So for instance like five and six, of course those are going to be needed as a logical next step. I would put a third line before seven for the reason that seven  Yes, it's known that it's a next step, but that's where things start to get shaky. And it will change most likely based upon how the prior steps go. So, and that's, that's a good thing to assert, you know, even when you're talking to say, you know, hey, you know, we have some ideas for this because that's when, if you need some, you know, air support, we can, you know, tack on in the call and say, yeah, this is where we would need to get a language model involved because there's different things here that are going on.  For instance, dependency graph, there's kind of ways to do that, deterministically, I guess, but not efficient ones. Like, you can't just run 100 Redux commands and build 100 spiderweb diagrams, because what value did they bring at the end of the day? You can't just build a graph just to have a graph. Same thing with rollback boundary. That one is, you know, an unclear, you either need to have a fixed number that's true all the time, but the reality is that that's not true. I mean,  I'll put it this way. There's some things that if you find out that, like let me put it this way. If I found out that in our code base, like let's say we're working on production code base. If I found out, you know, hey, who should we pick on today? Let's pick Saraf. Saraf put in our Azure UI or Azure AI Foundry secret token on commit two and now there's 400 commits. My rollback boundary is to commit two.  And I'm going to have to redo all that work, because I don't let my code bases have junk like that anymore. That's a complete hygiene problem. But if it's something smaller, like we, for instance, like Shrikar, you were updating your HTML files for the diagrams, those ones are small enough that I don't want it to go back too far. So in reality, the rollback boundary is pretty much not a fixed number. It's situational.  And that's something that you either need to have historical evidence to present those paths, or you need to have a language model with some boundaries in it to help make that call based upon the impact. So that's what I'm saying. We can pile in the call, because I know they haven't thought about these things. So overall, really nice. Really nice.  The very last thing I would say is kind of the counterpart of that sentence about deterministic. Also make it clear, it's kind of the same thing, but I'll say it in a different way. Also make it clear whenever it becomes non-deterministic, because, you know, determinism is great. We understand that to be fast, repeatable, idempotent, excellent. But then the counterpart to that is, you know, I think earlier you said, you know, maybe it's like an NLP-type task, which is technically true.  But whenever you say that, that makes it sound like AI is getting in early. So be careful even when you're talking to just push that towards the end and just keep that strategy in mind. Simple as long as possible, deterministic as long as possible, then when AI is needed, AI gets inserted. If you keep that as the Bible, you will be in good shape forever. There's no AI question that you will mess out on if that's the case unless you're talking to a very misinformed person.  makes sense for this presentation my main concern was if you present to student bus and then he comes up with okay this dependency graph how are you going to tackle it rollback boundary how are you going to tackle it so such questions come up what should be our strategy because right now we don't have any that's okay fine  If it was up to me, I will just pick up any one of the strategies or whatever you have thought and just be upfront that we will iterate upon this because this is a very complex use case and based on  the results we get with our approach. We will keep on iterating on those, but these are like the things that we have figured out for the way to go forward like this. What I would add to that is, yes, it depends upon, remember what I told you to be done on the thing, because that applies to everyone, not just to you and me, but also to Srinivas as well.  Don't go into a problem knowing what you want the outcome to be because you don't know that unless you can write it down and you can draw every aspect of it. You don't know what that looks like. You don't know the shape. You don't know the form and Srinivas is prescribing dependency graph as a solution. That's wrong. He should be saying what he wants the solution to do.  So whenever he says build a dependency graph and he's made that decision already before he even knows what that looks like, that's a mistake. So we can say is keep it loose, just like Sarva said. We can pick one direction and say this is an ongoing thing. For the dependency graph, it should be built to fit the needs that this is supposed to solve. That is the magic sentence that you have to have. It should meet the needs and if he says, what does that mean?  You say, no, it's to associate PRs and be able to pull out the related code that caused a build to fail and associate it with the given commit and then the given PR. If the dependency graph solves that, then we are good. Whether or not it's a dependency graph or some script or a language model call is irrelevant. It's the attribute of the outcome that matters, not the form of the outcome.  This is the same problem whenever people approach anything and they're like, oh, how does a GenTek AI solve this? I'm like, no, you're thinking about it backwards. Don't make that decision before you know the path to the solution, because the path to the solution might be much different. So, yeah, I would keep it general. We'll help you here. This comes. So don't worry. I know you've got it, but I'll say it like this. If you need some help on the call, we'll be there with you. So no problem.  Okay, sounds good. Okay. And during the call, do you want me to show them this output that we have? Yeah, I think that's helpful. And I think this is something that'll be good to just flash up. And then if there is no, this is why I'll try to be fast about the next part. So we can have some time because then it's just in 40 minutes here. If you have enough time.  Putting together a JSON representative like skeleton structure is good. So rather than showing the big file, you can put it in a markdown and put it on GitHub, and that way it's easy to view. We can share it with them, so they can click it and view it in their browser. Otherwise, they might not really look too deep. But very good, and either way, we're good for it.  OK. All right. So Srikar, I think you're up next. And there were, I think, two things there. One of them is this analysis that Srinivas was talking about. And I think there's something else there as well for the CADMCP, the limitations that we found, things like that. So yeah, we can hear from you, actually. Great. Oh, sure, Paul. I'm just sharing my screen.  So I added one of the charts here like where you can see like static and dynamic so here like in top level I also added like filter like for filtering out like three months six months you can also see see those the main one is this as per like last discussion so if you  see this like these are like the dynamic ones if you click on this you can see all the links and it has to be fetched from the real time real time source if you look into like specific to this access permissions and select please add permission or could you help me or how do you have to add so some kind of like static questions  Yeah, so this is one thing Which we noticed that gave a bit like static and dynamic one So so one one thing that you're definitely gonna need so that one is specifically for unanswered you'll need one as well for answering Okay, you know what I mean so that's that's one thing that you'll definitely need to have because they'll also that's the natural next part of it, too  Now, you might be able to just make it something simple on this one, like a stacked bar, or it could just be a second graph, either one's fine. Okay, alright. Yeah, as per discussion last time, I was focusing only on that answer line. Okay, I'll make that. Okay. So, yeah, is this one clear? We can see, if we say three months,  And also once I like we will go in like build image and then the rest follows so it kept increasing for If you compare for three or six months Yeah, this is one and the other one is this especially on the like build image bring down  So if we look into like three months, we can see like BaselBells here, Native Compile Failure, BaselBells, Image Path Access. So these are some of the issues in the build category. So here you can see the differences, and that's all answered. But again, if you click on this, you can see it, which is dynamic, and yeah, which is static again.  There are all like static ones like most of them are dynamic. Right. We are number. Yeah, we are number. Yeah, all of them as it is like we are number, we are link to it. This is good and this is exactly why this analysis is important because if we  Look at this. The reality is that his idea that we're going to have some static FAQ thing is basically null and void, frankly. And they did not share the GitHub stuff. So I'll have to ask them for that. But for the GitHub scraping, if we were to do that, that sounds like it's just for Bazel. But regardless, there's a problem with not having enough sample size because they don't answer anything. And then within that sample size, everything is dynamic. There's not a clear-cut path.  Um, but the one thing that he'll ask, so I'll go with that, is he's immediately going to ask, you know, what constitutes as static versus dynamic and how did you classify these? So were you able to get those, um, that kind of a markdown put together? Um, so yeah, um, I have that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.  So what he'll need and if it's so just get like a standalone doc for that that's what I was saying in the chat so a standalone doc for that committed and on the repo because then you can just share it during the call and it'll pull up it'll be formatted nicely but he's going to have that question for you you know how did you decide what was static what was dynamic and you'll have to have  the answer back. So like for instance whenever you click on one the first thing he's going to do, so for instance if you click on like build image because that one's going to be the most relevant for Devakar, you know like there's some of these that are marked as dynamic. One thing that you're going to have to say is that they are dynamic if one of two things is true, one if there's not a clear-cut resolution path that had already been answered, right?  if it's not able to be deterministically solved. And the second case that makes it dynamic is if it's the first time a question's getting asked. Because there's no historical record to say that there's a static solution possible for it. So just make sure you have that verbiage done. If he asks for the, how did one get there than the other? Because he might say, oh, this one should be classified as static.  But at the same time, like for instance, let's look at the build for my PRS failing. Can someone please help? Why is that dynamic? Well, because two reasons. One, people don't answer it. And two, because the answer changes dynamically. And not all PRS fail for the same reason. And one more like clarification. By FAQ, do they mean like,  the FAQs from the wiki link which they share or from the build table which Justin is maintaining like the details about PR status and all of those if we take into that consideration then the asking about build detail and where exactly is my PR all of these also comes into like FAQ but we need the MCP for that build table which Justin is maintaining  then there is a key on which we would need like a proper rack for like FAQs or do they already have some kind of FAQ built in because I think I saw on like circuit API that it has there like policy documents and all of those things so do they want that to be integrated here in FAQ what exactly do they want?  So let me let me answer quickly and then I'll cigar let you answer that part about Justin I think first number one did they end up sharing the I see the wiki that they gave but of course I told them you know that's out of scope for this week that one we should just phrase it as you know we are going to expand on what we can classify as static using that but that is upcoming work you know so that's that's one thing that we can say for today for sure  That's upcoming work. That was not on the schedule. You can't add that on a Monday. We need time to process that and classify it. Plus, the deliverable for this week was that Friday item. So they can't say this should be done on Wednesday. We can't do it that fast. The second part of that is, even if there's stuff on the GitHub Wiki, what is the source of truth? Because that GitHub Wiki can drift.  So we have to verify and validate that GitHub wiki and set up some process for that. That's what I was trying to say to them on the call. We need to build a pipeline for it if we're going to do it with the GitHub wiki. Because at the end of the day, the same reason why Imperma didn't want anything more than six months on the chart, it's the same logic for the GitHub wiki. So what if there's something that Devakar wrote three years ago on there?  Yeah, most of them are in the key like that updated like two thousand two different I don't see any latest ones Right, right and and that's that's something I would definitely mention there so Phrases like this we are going to use the github wiki as a means to expand on what we can classify as static to improve the thoroughness of the knowledge base, but that  The only caveat to that is we need to have some mechanism to check to make sure that those things in the knowledge base are still current and up to date, and an ongoing process to resolve that if we want this to be live. So that's the upstream part before we get to how people use this, how it's deployed. I think for the how it's deployed part with  Yes, that's they have the policy docs on there I think they need to decide if they want that to be kind of like a live, you know Like kind of like a genteck rag type setup with not wiki If they do that that's a much more clear-cut path, but if there's all these things scattered throughout all of time and they want one generic lookup That's going to be the toughest The toughest So yeah  Like I was saying we had to be like we have to be upfront to them about like If you want to do it in like a agent take a accident We have to at least get these into like a singular database or a