Transcript
March 16, 2026, 5:32PM

Rahul Bobbili   0:18
Hey, Colin.

Colin Moore   0:19
Hey, everyone. Happy Monday.

Rahul Bobbili   0:23
Biman dead belated. Happy birthday. Hope you had a great birthday weekend.

Colin Moore   0:27
Thank you. Thank you. I I definitely did it ate some good food. You know that's that's what I always love seeing my mom cause I, you know, moms cook the best. I I think that has to be a fact. So yeah.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   0:28
Ha ha.

Rahul Bobbili   0:32
That's very nice.
Always.
Nobody can ever say the other way to it.

Colin Moore   0:43
Yes, absolutely, absolutely.
Good. Well, I I'm excited today. I finally got the one thing done that I was supposed to get done now for the last two weeks. So that was for I finally, finally wrote the JD up for the manager and and lead.
So I was thinking we could cover any items we have today and then I can maybe kind of give you all the kind of overview of of that one because it's a little bit different from the other JDS that we had, but I I think you'll you'll understand immediately so.
I just wanted to kinda give you the uh chance to see it first before we go sourcing so.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   1:24
So Colin, just to let you know that we will be focusing on onshore requirements going forward. I do if you want to fill in maybe because here Yogesh Sir informed us to like work on onshore requirements only.

Colin Moore   1:31
Mhm.
Hmm for for a manager.

Rahul Bobbili   1:44
Oh no. Overall like Vinayak's team, main priority is look for people like any opportunities we have in US Colin. That is where the shift is being focused starting today. That is what Yogesh Sir wanted. But let me talk to him and see if there is something.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   1:44
Oral.

Colin Moore   1:51
Oh.

Rahul Bobbili   2:01
I will. I need to take his approval before we put any of his Vinayak or his team. But yeah, let's go ahead with the call because I know Vinayak and his team is doing great and let's see if we can move one recruiter or but I have to get approval from Yogesh or even if you can put in a word, I'll talk to him once he's in the office. I'll call it.

Colin Moore   2:19
OK. And that'll be good because he might have misinterpreted something from me. So I might be the culprit for all this. I don't. So from his perspective, I don't. For me, like I definitely from a technical standpoint, we need people in India because like a manager, they're going to have the same problem that I do if we get a US based person.

Rahul Bobbili   2:20
And.

Colin Moore   2:39
Especially someone who's not East Coast, because The thing is the time crossover is the biggest bottleneck right now that that's the biggest hurdle. So having someone that's in the same time zone and can really connect to the rest of the team, that is the definitely the biggest thing for scaling out.
He might have taken something else that I said, which is a bit different. So I was also talking to him about, remember we were talking the last time about taking some of the East Coast US resources and pushing them forward into these jobs because they would be coming in at a comparable cost at near shore.
He might be misinterpreting what I said by that. He might be thinking that I'm saying, oh, we could get entrepeople for our growth initiatives too. So just just let me know because I can talk to him for sure if I caused any confusion there with him.

Rahul Bobbili   3:25
Oh no, no. This is just in regarding to Vinayak and his team Colin. They were supporting both offshore opportunities as well as on site. So he wants Vinayak's team to align more with the roles it it he's not the one who said, oh, we need to hire someone onshore like going forward, Vinayak and his team are more aligned for US hiring, just to let you know.

Colin Moore   3:42
I see.
I see, I see. Well, I'll have to fight him on that one because I mean for.

Rahul Bobbili   3:48
It it just started today.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   3:48
And I would love to work on those requirements. Yeah, but actually like, you know, Yogesh wanted me to focus on onshore. So I I mean anyway, I I can't do anything like offshore or onshore.

Colin Moore   3:51
But.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   4:03
I just need requirements to work on free.

Colin Moore   4:06
Well, I think let me let me talk to him because from my understanding we have some onshore positions definitely, but they're few and far between. So that's that's where I I want to make sure with him because I'm like what specifically are we sourcing for because we've pretty much got, I don't know everything of course, but we've got Cisco, we've got Sephora.
Beyond that, fairly limited from my understanding, but I could also not know, so I don't want to claim too much there. But anyway, either way, you guys got us through, you know, the first part. I'll just be very sad if we lose lose the.
Offshore sourcing because we're going to need it and that's going to be my thing to Yogesh. I would say to him, you know, make make the team bigger, you know, and keep this team kind of, you know, if you need to add on extra people and kind of teach them all the amazing things that you know now I that would be my fight to him. I would say I need, I can't lose these guys because.
Otherwise you're gonna put me back to square one with recruiting and that's gonna be a very painful journey for for everyone. Having said that, I also don't want to hold you back. So if you I'm just being selfish right now, but that that means.

Rahul Bobbili   5:16
No, no, Colin, I think we can work on middle ground with Yogesh. Probably once you speak to him, I'll be able to connect and we can work it around. That shouldn't be a problem. And also to give you an update on offshore and Vinayak and I were talking. Sunil thing is still in the air. He has signed the paperwork, but he's not.

Colin Moore   5:28
This.

Rahul Bobbili   5:36
Giving a confirmed last date or he has not yet resigned. So I had one question for you before we start. If Sunil doesn't work out, do you think is Junaid a good backup for him or no? They're two different.

Colin Moore   5:39
Mhm.
Yes.
I would say so for I would actually get both. If I could have both, I would take both. So if let's put it this way, if regardless of with if Sunil works out, as soon as Junaid becomes available, I'll I'll take him no matter what. And if Sunil happens to also work out even better.
So we'll need to both are really good people. Both are rare people and I'd love to have both on the team. Janeidol is waiting for us for him to not go through with Sephora. And I I said to even to Ravi, I was like, I'll take him, you know, if you're not going to take him, I'll take him right now because he's a really good candidate.

Rahul Bobbili   6:07
Got it.

Colin Moore   6:23
So I'd have both. If I if it was up to me, I'd have both. But even if Sunil doesn't work out, it doesn't change me wanting Junaid if he comes. If he doesn't, I'll want him either way. Yeah.

Rahul Bobbili   6:34
OK. Thank you, Colin. This is helpful.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   6:40
So Arun, can you can we start paperwork with Junior at this moment that way? Because I clearly like if I need to work for for, we can but anyhow like he he's.

Rahul Bobbili   6:48
Uh, Vinayak, you're breaking up.
Oh.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   6:55
Like on his notice period.

Rahul Bobbili   6:59
Is it just me or?

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   7:00
Uh, I I'm sorry, there should be some bad. I said like, uh, can we uh?

Colin Moore   7:09
Oh.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   7:10
Hello.

Rahul Bobbili   7:10
Yeah, Vinayak, you're breaking up. So I think Colin, what he's trying to ask is probably can we parallel you on board Junaid? So that depends on you because you need to get us the approval from Yogesh. If you are able to get us, probably we'll roll out that offer to Junaid and I'm sure Junaid is available to start earlier than.

Colin Moore   7:21
Mhm.

Rahul Bobbili   7:29
Uh, Sunil, whose candidate is Junaid? The guys?

Neeraj Maurya   7:35
What these can you try to?

Colin Moore   7:35
So.

Rahul Bobbili   7:36
Yeah, he's available April 5th or 6th, right, if I'm not wrong.

Colin Moore   7:39
That'd be great. That'd be great.

Neeraj Maurya   7:40
Back.

Rahul Bobbili   7:41
Yeah, yeah. So if you can talk to Yogesh Sir and give us that, get us that approval, we'll get his onboarding started call.

Colin Moore   7:50
OK, I will get that today as soon as I know I I I have this now for like we said last week I'm on a shopping spree for for our team. So with Yogesh it won't be a problem. I just need to let him know and his stance is if you find good people, scoop them up immediately. So I'll I'll hold him to that. We'll get, we'll get this guy.

Rahul Bobbili   7:57
OK.
Sure.

Neha Malhotra   8:09
The color we're trying to also set something up with Ravi parallely. Is that OK too if you're interested in taking Junaid for your projects? Um, since R2 is trying and Dar also sent him a message. What's your advice on that?

Colin Moore   8:09
Yeah.

Rahul Bobbili   8:09
Check.

Neeraj Maurya   8:10
Yeah.

Colin Moore   8:25
I think so he's if he wants. So I'll put it this way. I'm not going to claim him if Ravi would want him. So for me it's it's like cherry on top. If I can scoop him up, I think I can get more out of him than Ravi can, but he is at the end of the day.

Neha Malhotra   8:33
OK.

Colin Moore   8:41
A Sephora candidate. So I'll let that take preference over me. Even though I'll be in pain, I'll be wounded, but it's OK. So I'd I'd prefer to have him. But if Ravi's going to take him, you know, I'll convince Ravi. You know, I'm always going to be for that because that's.
I'll put it this way, we have all these interviews coming up for Ravi anyway. So as much as it's nice to have a great candidate and I want him for the team, I can also, you know, kind of end my my work a little bit for what Ravi wants if we can satisfy all those rules, so.
It's it's just which which way it happens. Um. But my take is even if we start getting him on boarded and then he eventually transitions over to Ravi, that's also fine. Um.

Rahul Bobbili   9:21
Yes, yes, that that is the plan, Colin.

Neha Malhotra   9:23
Yeah.
Yeah, that'd be great. Thank you, Colin. Thanks for your sacrifice. I know you like him a lot.

Colin Moore   9:27
Hmm.
I do. I do. That's a that's a good thing. I don't usually talk like that, you know so.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   9:38
So Arvind, Colin, just to understand like we will, Colin will get April from Yogesh, Sir, and then we'll start onboarding, right?

Rahul Bobbili   9:43
Yes, then we'll start onloading. You're right, yes.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   9:47
OK, cool. Thank you so much Colin. On other hand, for Askari's laptop, you saw my message there it it will not go by air, so it will take Rd.

Colin Moore   9:56
Mm.
Yes.

Rahul Bobbili   10:03
Oh, I didn't.

Colin Moore   10:04
Totally fine. Totally fine.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   10:04
Transport. So around this. OK, good. Secondly, regarding Sunil, as Rahul mentioned, like he has signed paperwork, only thing is that he has not resigned from his current role. So generally our practice is like asking candidate to resign on their present role and share their resignation.

Colin Moore   10:09
Yes.
OK.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   10:24
Acceptance e-mail which we have not received. So once we receive his resignation acceptance e-mail on in current organization then we will be kind of covered or I would say in better shape for him.

Colin Moore   10:27
OK.
Makes sense. Makes sense. I know. I think from his, I mean, he's he's a younger guy too, so it's sometimes it's tougher to to send that e-mail internally. So I'm not, I'm not super worried about him, but we can stay on top of it. I'm not super worried that he won't do it. I think he will.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   10:41
Click.

Colin Moore   10:55
Um, I think he's probably just a little bit nervous right now. Uh, if I had to guess, it's it's tough. I think he's been at his current org for a while as well. So yeah.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   11:05
Sure. Second thing regarding on site like a Srikar and this guy Namita, we are in process. I believe Srikar's laptop once get delivered he will be starting.

Colin Moore   11:15
Mhm.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   11:21
And for Namita, once her app H1 gets approved, she will be start. So maybe part two is it realistic to get them? I mean can we say on 23rd they will start?

Colin Moore   11:21
Mhm.

Rahul Bobbili   11:33
No, no. I think Srikar and Colin should be starting this week because we've already requested for laptop Colin. So probably he Srikar will have it ready earlier than you because he'll picking up in person for you. They'll be mailing it out. So Zara is working with Anand and team today. So hopefully by end of the day today we should have an update when your laptops are going to be ready.

Colin Moore   11:39
Mm.
Hmm.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   11:44
OK.

Rahul Bobbili   11:53
For both of you, Namita, it's tentative because her process has just started like 3-4 days back. It will take another one week. As I said, probably we'll have some update this week for her.

Colin Moore   11:53
Mhm.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   12:03
No.
And regarding Abhinav as well, one of his employment check is still pending, so I think it will take this week's time at least, right?

Rahul Bobbili   12:13
No. Did you check with them? I told you he emailed me. He messaged me.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   12:16
No, no, I didn't. I didn't get time to check with HR yet, but I just have to update call.

Rahul Bobbili   12:19
No, no, you should. You should check because Abhinav messaged me that his background check is completed. He got the e-mail, so you should check after this call. Vinayak, please.

Neha Malhotra   12:27
Yeah, I think Vinayak, if you could please check on that, then we can confirm with Ravi because he's waiting. He wants to make sure he's real. He wants to touch him, feel him, look at him. I think everything is stuck there. So I think once he starts then we can get all the other interviews lined up.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   12:28
Sure.

Rahul Bobbili   12:41
Yeah.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   12:47
OK, sure, I I'll check it.

Neha Malhotra   12:48
So if he can start tomorrow, let's do that. If that's a possibility, he's ready. OK.

Rahul Bobbili   12:51
So Abhinav is ready Neha Samsung project is done as of last Friday. It says that I was speaking to Anurag so we can't onboard him until all the background check process is done. So that is where the delay is Neha. That's it.

Neha Malhotra   13:01
Yeah.
OK, OK, great. If the checks are done today, then potentially tomorrow he can start, right? OK.

Rahul Bobbili   13:10
Tomorrow or day after? Yeah, I don't know the process. This is my first time. I'll I'll get to know that.

Neha Malhotra   13:15
Yeah, OK, great. Sounds good.

Colin Moore   13:18
So.

Rahul Bobbili   13:19
And Colin, one last question regarding Abhinav, so sorry, I know you sent out an e-mail to Pradeep for assets like last week, right? Do we did he get back to you because I sent him a follow up e-mail today because we need to give him an asset to start. But I I spoke to him, it's OK to start with his own device, but I think we need to get out that, get that.

Colin Moore   13:22
Mhm.
Yes.
Mhm.
Mhm.

Rahul Bobbili   13:39
A1 laptop out. So uh sharing getting a bit of the A1 asset is important. I wanted to check if you have any update on it by any chance.

Colin Moore   13:39
OK.
Right.
So, so as of right now, I know Vinayak stepped in to help me, which is really nice. I'd really appreciate that. So on his front I we'd sent over the configuration for the laptop and I'd let him know at this point a while back about it. I I messaged him on teams pretty much before I sent him an e-mail or put anything in in Keka for a request.
Just to give him kind of an early warning heads up. As of right now, I don't have anything from him in terms of confirmation on any of the hardware that got requested. If I if I know what I know, he does everything through either one of two parties, one is Lenovo and the other is CDW.
For how he orders things, generally speaking, US based is going to go through CDW and they are pretty darn quick to ship. And even if something's not available, it's usually you can find an equivalent replacement within three days shipping time, so we should be able to get him something early.
I think for for Ravi Nav, the other thing that'll come into play is that says Bay one hardware unclear right now with Ravi if he's going to get Sephora hardware too. So if if he's not, OK, so if he's not.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   14:56
No.

Colin Moore   15:00
Then yeah, he'll definitely need that from us. But we did at least put that into pretty. I can call him later on today and just get on the same page with it, see what the shipping times are. And I mean, honestly, like the hardware for this, it's not even though it looks really specific. I mean, it's like.
You could swap one thing out here and sub another thing out there. We can find a laptop. There's there's no worry there, even if it's Best Buy. I mean, I can I can myself get the guy a laptop tomorrow if I wanted to, so I'll I'll work with Pradeep to get it.

Rahul Bobbili   15:28
No, no, I I can pick it up here as well, Colin. It's just that I wanted to understand because now that his background check is clear, probably he'll be good to start tomorrow or day after. So device the only thing which is making him delayed, but not delayed. He's going to start with his personal thing, but I want to make sure that we send the Bay one.

Colin Moore   15:44
OK.

Rahul Bobbili   15:46
One or a day before he starts so that he's all set. There's no further delay from our side or his side.

Colin Moore   15:50
Mhm.
Yes. Now the only thing that I would double check on is with Ravi. So just make sure like he knows that he would be, you know, temporarily on personal. I think from I'm just saying that if if I were in Ravi's shoes, I'd want to have that kind of certainty that he's gonna be using the right kind of hardware.
You don't want that to continue forever. That's and even just setting that expectation with Abhinav as well. He's not gonna, it's not gonna probably be OK. I don't want to speak for Ravi. I don't know so far as policies, but most orgs like that are going to, you know, nav you to a tree if you come and say, oh, I'm using personal hardware.

Rahul Bobbili   16:20
We.

Colin Moore   16:25
But I think we should be able to get it to him quick. But if he's able to do that to start with, at least, you know, probably get set up on teams like the typical onboarding stuff. No one does. I always joke around. Whenever you start a new job in corporate America, no one does anything for a week anyway.
It's just you're kind of going through the motions. So in that regard, I think you should be OK, but I'll I'll make sure with Pradeep we get it accelerated a little bit if we can.

Rahul Bobbili   16:46
Sure.
Thank you, Colin. It's really helpful.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   16:53
R2 and Colin just got update from HR that his background check is clear and complete. So Prasanji going to check other action items like anything's pending and he will drop us an e-mail.

Rahul Bobbili   17:06
OK. Yeah. Thanks, Vivek.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   17:08
Yes.

Colin Moore   17:09
Now I I do have one question, so first specifically Namita.
I'm wondering what to do because obviously I'm not saying, you know, cancel her. We've already been in the loop with her for so long. I wouldn't feel right doing that. But is it worth going to Yogesh and and Rahul again and saying let's get on Ashri in on this too?
Immediate person can start already, already, you know, very well aligned with the skill. Yes, that's an extra person. Yes, that makes the sow go negative, but that's a better, longer-term person for day one. Is that worth pitching to them? Just just want your thoughts. Not to say one or the other, but both.
You know, Anashree immediate as someone that we can put back into the system and then for Namita, whenever she's available, because what I don't like for her is at some point I have to talk to Srinivas and he's not gonna love that, you know, it's a month later and you know, we still don't have a firm join date for her.
Regardless of her process, he's gonna be like, that's a you problem, not a me problem. So maybe it does make sense to get both. If anything, that just makes us able to deliver better as long as you guys and Rahul are OK with the budget. So just just like with some of the crowd here.
On that one.

Neha Malhotra   18:28
I think, Colin, you're absolutely right. We should talk about Anushri with Yogesh. Would you want then three people on the project? Because when Namita's H1 is processed, then is it going to be three people on this on the NXOS or what are your thoughts?
Arts.

Colin Moore   18:49
I would, I would say from a starting out perspective, because just just like when you start a new job in corporate America, I'll make my joke again. Whenever you start a new project, you're not really doing anything for the first bid. We we call it discovery, but really it's Saska doing Q&A. It's valuable for sure, but.
What I'm thinking is honestly could come in, help us for that, be aware of the project, be loosely involved, but someone that's probably spending maybe 25% time on it, the remaining 75% of the time helping me out with things like Sephora or the other Cisco projects that we have beyond this. That would be a really good thing that's actually better aligned with her skill set.
But that's that's the way I'd I'd put it to Yogesh and Rahul. This isn't just a an extra person that's 100% dedicated to Cisco. If we did that, we'd actually be kind of overkill. But to give us this kind of early momentum, especially given that a non set us an e-mail saying, hey, we're losing steam, this is taking too long.

Neha Malhotra   19:26
Mm.

Colin Moore   19:45
Um. And of course, there's nothing on our end that caused that. That was strictly on their procurement team screwing around for a month. Um, but you know, even that will help us, yeah.

Neha Malhotra   19:45
Yeah.
Yeah.

Colin Moore   20:05
Mhm.

Neha Malhotra   20:06
And then Namita, like if we do happen to get the Guhan project right, then then we don't have to at that point staff, we are ready to go. So I think it's definitely worth the conversation and you like Anushri and she knows the Cisco ecosystem. She was just on not that great of a project. So I think this is.

Colin Moore   20:10
Yeah.

Neha Malhotra   20:26
Great if we can get her onboarded.

Colin Moore   20:28
Yeah, and I mean, she'll have a much different experience this time around too. I I even told her that towards the end of our interview because she she did great. I mean, her problem was that she, the manager was good, but the impact was really low. So it's it's painful when people are in those positions, but it's nothing that's reflecting on her personally.
I think if anything, she'll really like what we're going to be able to do for Srinivas and and Guhan because it's meaningful, you know, it's got the right visibility. It's not just, I mean, to be honest, what she was telling me about was some manager that even if the manager's great, that doesn't make them a good business leader.
You know, like I can mentor interns all day long, but if I don't do anything productive for the company, I'm still not a good mentor. They're not getting anything from it either if there's no business impact from it. So I think that's unfortunately what she got.
Whenever she is with her role at Cisco, but we'll be able to flip that around 180 here. And it's great that she already knows Cisco and she already has an account. She's already been onboarded. She's already in their system. That even itself takes care of about half of the first two weeks of work we have for the team, so.

Neha Malhotra   21:35
Yeah, absolutely. And it gives us ammunition cause the renewal for the sow is April 30th. And if we're able to hit the ground running, then it just, you know, builds a very strong case to go to an end and say, hey, you know, we're up for renewal.

Colin Moore   21:35
I'd.

Neha Malhotra   21:51
And so, yeah, I think it's a great idea.

Colin Moore   21:54
So let me after after we all get off, I'll call him Yogesh and I'll I'll see what he what he thinks. I I think I'm gonna get a thumbs up immediately. He's gonna be like why are you even asking me? But I'll double check that. All I will need to know about her is the rate I that's probably in the e-mail, but let me see if it is or if it's not.
Um, if it's not, that's all I would need to know. So because she is an onshore resource, um.
Let me see. Yeah, I don't have her rate for any details like that.

Neha Malhotra   22:25
Rahul, I would advise to negotiate as an in-house project. She has no bench time. She's going on to another project. So yeah, please try to negotiate the rate with her.

Rahul Bobbili   22:35
Sure. I gave her a heads up on Friday. She called me to follow up with on the Sephora opportunity. So I said we're trying to work on it. So I I will again have a conversation.

Neha Malhotra   22:45
Yes, please, yes.

Rahul Bobbili   22:47
Sure.

Colin Moore   22:48
But, but yeah, that'll help me whenever, even if it's just like a ballpark of where she's at now and I can tell you guys, we'll negotiate it down, yeah.

Rahul Bobbili   22:55
So Colin, so she she she's on with another agency. So she's coming as a cop to Corp resource as independent contractor for us. So her rate was 80 on cop to Corp.

Colin Moore   23:04
Mhm.
OK, gotcha, gotcha. OK. Because I mean for us, I think she transitioned into what probably salaried at that point, right? If she's like, OK.

Rahul Bobbili   23:11
OK.
Oh, no. Oh, so no, no. Sorry, I didn't get your question.

Neha Malhotra   23:20
So she'll be.

Colin Moore   23:22
So what I was saying is like, so if we were to take her on the internal Bay one team and then like, yeah.

Rahul Bobbili   23:28
Oh yeah, then we'll she'll she'll be like Namita. Yes, then she'll be coming to us as salaried. But right now she she'll be hourly because she's working through another agency. Her work authorization is held by other agency. This works out more reasonable if we are able to do it, but again, the control factor.

Colin Moore   23:32
OK.
I see.
I see, I see.

Rahul Bobbili   23:46
Is less, but she she's more committed. Uh, she's she already worked with us for about four or five months now. But yeah, even though she's a subcontractor, I think we have a good control on our.

Colin Moore   23:51
Mm-hmm.
OK.

Neha Malhotra   23:57
If she's in H1 role, will she convert or transfer to us?

Rahul Bobbili   24:01
That is what the plan was, Neha. If this was going for a longer time, we committed for her a H1 transfer. She's open. We already had a conversation. Again, if we convert, she'll be similar grounds as in Namita, where her cost will go to 105 for first three months and then again.

Neha Malhotra   24:03
OK.
Yeah.

Rahul Bobbili   24:18
Uh, come down to 95.

Colin Moore   24:21
Hmm.

Neha Malhotra   24:23
OK.

Colin Moore   24:25
Oh, yeah. So we can, I can, I can go to Yogesh with that and that way we all know, you know, what kind of rate we're looking at. I'll I'll talk to him a little bit about what the other projects she can help us with. It would be good. I mean, it would be really nice to have, you know, at least one bench person in the US that's not 100% on Cisco right now. So we can start to look at.
More projects 'cause we definitely have a lot coming to us that that is absolutely certain on my on my side.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   24:53
Colin, there was a candidate, Santosh, who interviewed and you liked him as well. Anything on that he's been. He's also in the US.

Colin Moore   25:02
I mean, like, I'll say this too. If Ravi's not gonna take him, I'll take him. I know. Like I said, I know I sound like I'm going on a shopping spree, but until someone tells me no, I'm gonna keep shopping. So for Santosh, if Ravi doesn't take him.
I I'll still just like just like with.
Uh, who's the other person? Anyway, just like yes, yes, just like Janet.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   25:23
Unit.

Colin Moore   25:27
If Ravi doesn't take him, I will gladly take him and I'll I'll fight that battle. However, I need to fight it to get him as an internal resource. So if Ravi's not interested, I'm still very interested, yeah.

Neha Malhotra   25:28
Mhm.
Yeah.
Bye.

Rahul Bobbili   25:39
So another quick follow up question when I just a minute if you have to choose between Anushri and Santosh. The reason I'm saying is Santosh is a is a easier thing for us to onboard and he's a cheaper too. So his cost is going to be $65 on Op to Corp.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   25:41
Or to.

Rahul Bobbili   25:58
And Anushree is going to be like, as I said, 80, like ballpark is 80. So what will be your take, Colin, if you have to?

Colin Moore   26:06
If if I had to choose, I hope I don't have to, but if I had to and I'm sure someone will say get one and then later on we can talk about the other. I'm sure that's going to be the conversation. I would get Santosh first. My reason is 2 things, even though Cisco that would be a great thing to help and get the ground running.
We get two things with Santosh that we don't get with Manasree. One is the location. He's in East Coast, he's in North Carolina right now. So crossover with the India team is substantial and crossover with Pacific team is also substantial. So that right there is a huge benefit because that person has two extra hours in the day to actually talk.
#2 is on the rate, the bigger budget earlier on. If someone is an expert of experts, it's great. I think honestly, if you take Cisco out of the picture, this specific project out of the picture.
The value goes down because that is that specific experience. If you would say like she was on a different thing and her background's there, I'd say she's really, really good. But to be honest with you, if, and this is my East Coast US bias, 80 bucks an hour is what, like 160?
170 K Not a chance. I mean, I like I you would say that to me on East Coast and I'd be like, are you crazy? I'm going to get someone from 100 that came right out of Carnegie Mellon and you know, they're going to be just as good, but they're going to come at, you know, a third less cost, if not, you know, more than that.

Rahul Bobbili   27:15
Yes, yeah.

Colin Moore   27:33
So her cost is good for specifically Bay Area. Her cost is awful for years of experience for the rest of the country, but it.

Rahul Bobbili   27:35
OK.
Yeah, I think Santosh, I can further get him down Colin because the understanding was for him to come to Bay Area. So 65 was his ask. I'm in touch with him too. Probably I can get him down few more dollars saying that if you are OK to put him remote because his his process is going on that he needs to relocate here and the reason I'm saying.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   27:49
OK.

Rahul Bobbili   28:02
Corp corpus employer is going through H1B process for him, which is not good for us. Let him go through and let's see how it goes from there so I can further get him down. I can negotiate with him if you are going to planning to keep him remote if you have to choose between Anushree and Santosh.

Colin Moore   28:07
Mhm.
Mhm.

Rahul Bobbili   28:20
I'm letting you know there be a significant at least $20 difference for you and the E scores factor.

Colin Moore   28:20
Mm.
Yes, I I think I would keep him remote. I would keep him remote because it's just like me, like if we need to travel, we can travel, but.

Neha Malhotra   28:36
Thank you.

Colin Moore   28:36
Awesome lunches and getting to see people aside. You know, I I wish I could do that every day, but from a business perspective, it's not making a difference right now. If we had more like in person engagements that needed to be there, like for instance, just like me with Cisco, if we need someone to fly in.
That's way better than to, you know, even if we just look at that from the your perspective, I would need him to fly in. What's what's $60.00 an hour to salary, but 124? I would need him to fly in and stay there for two weeks at least.
You know, 15 times in a year in order to make up for that cost difference, you know what I mean? So it's to me, I'm like keep him remote and that way we can keep him lower on the pay, probably negotiate more. The cost of living North Carolina is going to be way better than even Pennsylvania. So that's a better situation I think also for him.
I can't see if he did have to relocate to the Bay Area. He'd probably end up where Anushri's at, if I had to say, because it probably the way I used to do is like 30% extra on their salary gets added for Bay Area, but.

Rahul Bobbili   29:43
Oh, this is what? Sorry to interrupt, but this is what the understanding was for Bay Area Colin. So the other thing what I can do if he's not coming down on the rate, I can have him relocate to Bay Area and come into our office if you want Pleasanton office, if that makes sense for you.

Colin Moore   29:48
Mm.
Mm.
I think if it it depends because like I think it is actually good if he's East Coast just because of that India team crossover. So someone because that that's that's a good thing. I think Pacific Time if we go too heavy over there with internal people it's going to become a challenge because the.
Because the crossover with the India team is only two hours. Even with daylight savings, it's only two hours. Daylight savings time out of effect, it's only one. So it's actually not bad to me if he's there. I'd love to for him to come into the office, but at the same time, do I need him to right now? Not, not, not too much.
Um.

Neha Malhotra   30:38
Quick question, Colin. I was in part of the initial Cisco conversations. So the two people that need to be on site, it doesn't matter where they're located. It's not a mandate to be in the Cisco office for them. So Santosh can be based out of the East Coast and not.

Colin Moore   30:38
Yeah, let's, let's, yeah.

Neha Malhotra   30:58
Required in the Cisco office, correct?

Colin Moore   31:01
So it's it's a little bit tricky because Cisco themselves, like, I'm, I'm realistic. I'm willing to play hardball with them a little bit because I used to do the same thing. I mean, it's you say you say what you want and you sound very sure of it and then someone asks and you're like, I don't really care.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   31:08
Yeah.

Colin Moore   31:17
For the in person part, I think what's important is early on in in person is important, but that's only for discovery. The reality is it's almost like whenever we go to Cisco, what are the odds that I can actually get their engineering teams to sit down with me for an hour every day and get that FaceTime interaction? It's fairly low.
Um. So from that perspective, um.

Neha Malhotra   31:39
Yeah.

Colin Moore   31:40
You know, it's not super critical. They said they'd prefer someone in person, but that was Anand who is not going to be close to the action anyway. If Srini wants him in person every day and they want to actually meet every day, I I can't say anything. But if they're just saying they want in person and these people are basically going to do what they could do at home.

Neha Malhotra   31:54
OK.

Colin Moore   31:59
At a desk in a Cisco office, and that's the only difference. I'll push back on Srini and say they can come in whenever you want. You know, even if they're remote, we can fly in just like I fly in because I know that you don't have time to spend, you know, 1-2 hours a day with us meeting. If you want it to be hybrid, that's also fine.

Neha Malhotra   32:18
Yes.

Colin Moore   32:19
But they have not really given too much clarity there. I understand why they haven't client side. You don't want to commit to that because you don't want to make it sound like it's open season. I think they just wanted people that are accessible. I think that's the biggest thing and I I don't think he would be upset with if it was like with me, like we're able to meet a couple of times.
especially to get that confidence early on and fly in for the big meetings, I think he'll be happy with that.

Neha Malhotra   32:46
OK, great. Also, second thing is Anushree, we're trying her with Ravi as well. We showed the resume and he's checking in on rate, so that's also a possibility for her. So for that MCP rule, it's Junaid and Anushree.

Colin Moore   32:51
Excellent.
Yes.

Neha Malhotra   33:02
That are in the running.

Colin Moore   33:03
Yes, that's that's where I'll I'll keep my line. I'll say I'd love to have them, but if I'll give Ravi first pick here just because they are, they are your candidates for Sephora. So I I can't just poach them but.

Neha Malhotra   33:16
It's like going back to that lunch where he wanted to get a person right and we were thinking about Saurav and now we have options for him. I I think he prefers on site. I get this sense that he likes people to be here specifically for what they're trying to do. We also explored this just thing came up in our head is.
Why don't we convert this into a Sow and get this to become more outcome based and just take over what they're doing and just own it, right? That's a conversation I want to have and start with Ravi. I don't know where he's at in terms of thought process. It seems like he's very guarded with what they're trying to do.
But I mean, he's met you, so I'll plant a seed and see if, you know, that's something that he would entertain.

Colin Moore   34:00
I think from from him, the biggest thing is going to be if you can throw me in the picture for him, he'll be more likely for it. Where he will go and a lot of companies do this. They're they act like everything's IP. It's not. I mean like there's I would be lying if I said that these things are really unique. They're not.

Neha Malhotra   34:05
Yeah.

Colin Moore   34:18
But basically what he's going to want is he's going to say we want to keep our internal IP to ourselves. And I say, Ravi, I'm not looking to be a vendor to you. I'm looking to be a partner to you. You want us, you want to be fully in the loop. You can maintain all technical control leadership. You tell me to jump on how high and my job's to make sure that the deliverables get delivered.
If you want things documented, if you want us to be an internal teams, Paul, it's not like you're just pitching this off to, you know, another company. See us as employees that you don't have to pay for after you're done with this. That would be my my take to him and you know, let us help you get your vision there faster, especially because for him.
Yes, he's gonna want to keep this real close and guarded right now. That's what a lot of people do if this is their first thing. You know, you'll find that with pretty much everyone in AI, if it's their first real big rodeo, they were very resistant to sharing. But he's got a job too, to scale this up after he has it working for his little COE.

Neha Malhotra   35:08
Yeah.

Colin Moore   35:16
He wants to, you know, compartmentalize this and push this to the rest of the Sephora org. If he has the people to do that, the bandwidth to do that, he'll be in good shape. But the reality is that you don't need those people full time on your team and they're very expensive too. So if he wanted to essentially borrow us.
For this, I think he'd like that. He would just need that confidence that he retains control.

Neha Malhotra   35:37
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll plant the seed and see if that's something that he wants to talk about. He's always open to talking to you. So yeah, I was just thinking, you know, instead of like doing these TNM engagements, which is really, really hard, right? We're constantly pinging him. He needs to open it in the system.
If he goes to Munbir and tries to, you know, sell it as a sour more outcome, you know we we deliver, we own it and we also train their engineers like you said. So yeah, let me let you know what he what he. I think he wants to start Abhinav, meet him and then get that confidence and then he will move forward.

Colin Moore   36:16
OK.
Yeah, makes sense. And I I think it's a good, like even with Mahesh, when I talked to him, he asked me for that big contract. We're gonna get, you know, maybe like a 500K contract for what'll take us maybe three months to do. And even with that, he asked me originally for like, you know, a really good PLC engineer. And I said, Mahesh, you don't need.
PLC engineer. I mean, that's. I mean, like I've I've been an engineering manager. That's a stupid headcount addition for a project that's gonna last three months. You're gonna have that guy sit there and try to find ways to keep him busy after after the project completes, because once it's done, it's done.

Neha Malhotra   36:39
Yeah.

Colin Moore   36:54
So my my take then was why not, you know, get what you need for the time you need it. We're always here to support and maintain. That's a much smaller scope of work afterwards.
But that's what Mahesh was like. OK, yeah, I didn't know that was an option. That's great. And what came out of that is he was like, I trust you. I know you've Mahesh is different because we've personally worked together. He's like, I know you can do this. If you say it'll take three months, I know it'll take you two months and you'll use the month for padding.
But there is this technical respect they they pushed it through. So I I think we're at that point with Ravi too. Or maybe he might say, OK, yeah, you're right. I don't want to hire people for six months and then send them on their merry way. Yeah.

Neha Malhotra   37:34
You guys take it? Yeah, yeah, take it, own it and deliver. It's like less headache, right? I wanted to ask you, how far is North Carolina from you?

Colin Moore   37:40
Yeah.
Plane or a car? Plane. It's not bad, I think.

Neha Malhotra   37:47
Plane.

Colin Moore   37:52
Let me see.
Because it's it's not bad at all. And actually one thing that might be coming up with Suresh is that.
We might even be getting a base in Pittsburgh at some point, which would be super cool because Carnegie Mellon's right there, Pitt's right here. I mean, there's there's so many good schools that we can just scoop people up right out of, right out of things. Yeah, it's an hour and a half flight.

Neha Malhotra   38:10
Thanks.
The reason I ask is that there is a AI director, a senior director at Cisco that just got nominated for an AI award. He so Alessandra Lopez is the CPO there, chief procurement officer and she posted that and I'm trying to get a meeting with this guy.

Colin Moore   38:29
Mhm.
OK.

Neha Malhotra   38:40
Be very important person to connect with on many levels. So if that works out, you know we wanted to see if you could maybe join us for that meeting if it if it like happens.

Colin Moore   38:50
Yeah, yeah, it's easy. That's an hour and a half Bunny hop for me. Um, yeah, even pretty much the whole East Coast. The furthest away is Florida. And that's still, uh, much shorter than even my my flight to California. So I think that's like 4 hours maybe.

Neha Malhotra   38:52
OK.
Oh.

Colin Moore   39:06
Um, yeah.

Neha Malhotra   39:08
Some means are maybe making a trip out, fingers crossed.

Colin Moore   39:11
Yeah, absolutely. It'd be fun.

Neha Malhotra   39:13
Yeah, yeah.

Colin Moore   39:15
So.

Neha Malhotra   39:16
Great. Lots of things going on. So we'll get approval on Anushri and then Junaid. We're trying to push Santosh as well as in the running. So lots of things, lots of options here.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   39:26
Santosh.

Colin Moore   39:30
We've got the pipeline.

Neha Malhotra   39:32
We got the pipeline. Good job, Vinayak. This is not the conversation we were having like a month and a half back and super work.

Colin Moore   39:34
Yeah.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   39:35
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you so much Neha and thanks to my team members. They worked hard and we got it. So Colin, let me know if you can work on technical manager as well or AI again I I'm totally fine to work on any region. Only thing is that just need approval from you, Sir.

Colin Moore   39:51
Yes.
Yes.
Let me, I'm going to retract it. Let me fix two things that I noticed that are wrong on here. I think one, let me, I'll talk to Yogesh no matter what. In the meantime, I put this as San Jose. It's specifically India, remote India. So let me adjust that on this so I don't confuse people.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   40:14
Yes.

Neha Malhotra   40:27
Family.

Colin Moore   40:28
amount of experience.

Neha Malhotra   40:28
OK.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   40:30
Uh, total years of experience, 8 years. Just uh like AIML can be 342334 years as well, right?

Colin Moore   40:32
Yeah.
Right. All right. And so that's what I said here. I said for leadership experience, I want their most recent experience to be leading an AI engineering team. So and for that basically because a lot of things are new that have come out, the thing that's going to be tough as if someone was like kind of an IC.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   40:46
OK.
Mhm.

Colin Moore   40:57
And then they're coming in to try to form up a team. If they've been in a leadership role for three years, then they're going to know the rest of what I need for them. Because like, even the rest, let me show here from like the leadership, like project organization, even budgeting, doing some of these interviews to build up the team.
You know, blockers, things like that, manager things, but things that if they don't have that experience in AI, they're gonna struggle 'cause the whole tool chain is different for AI.
So, and I also have the complement to this, which is the recruiter guide for it, so that'll help too. Let me pull that one up so you can see.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   41:28
OK.

Colin Moore   41:40
So this will help to clear up some of the items. Um.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   41:46
Mhm.

Colin Moore   41:46
As well. So, so not a pure manager, not a pure technical lead, but this like very crazy hybrid of both. Gonna be a tough person, I know that.
That basically enough experience that they have the maturity to know how to lead a team in general, but also enough recent experience and enough expertise with AI that I'll put it this way, if they don't have recent experience with that, whenever it comes time to make a technical decision, they're going to have to report back to me.
And that's going to create more work than than not with the person. So that's why I was kind of specific for the experience. But like everything, it's not like if it's a hard cut off at three years, to be honest with you, I would say at least one full year.
At a company would be the minimum for AI technical leadership and that way we can see that someone else didn't have the confidence to put them in that kind of a role too, which which does say something, but I gave a couple of things here.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   42:45
Not.

Colin Moore   42:45
Uh.
Other side is that to avoid getting a Unicorn and asking for a Unicorn, I put on here something that's a little bit strange. I said technical breadth expertise across the following areas, depth and multiple preferred.
You will probably not be able to find a candidate with all of these. What I put in the guide, and I'll say right now as well, is if we can get at least two of these five, we'll be in good shape. The more the better, the more the stronger the candidate.
But if they have, for instance, Agentic AI and large language models, plus they've done production deployment, great, done. Two boxes checked, you know the person's ready. Likewise, if they've done ML and also have computer vision experience, great.
They check the box. Even if they lack these others, it's OK. But if someone had like three or four of the five, they'd be a even stronger candidate to consider. But I probably most likely won't be able to find all of that in one person. It's tough to tough to get.
Um.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   43:53
So how about like if somebody comes with a mathematical or statistical educational background who were into data engineering space or maybe into kind of a machine learning space, then they moved into AI, AI side and.

Colin Moore   43:53
Yes.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   44:13
Having experience in leadership capacity, will that be kind of right experience combination?

Colin Moore   44:15
OK.
Yes, exactly, exactly. That's that's the exact right way to read what I put here that was incorrect combined total of eight years. So I want recent experience with AI and AI leadership. Anything else that's before that if it's in a adjacent field.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   44:19
OK.

Colin Moore   44:34
If it's, you know, statistics, data science, you know, data engineering, that's also fine. It's just that most recent experience being about AI specifically and the leadership capacity. So yeah, you have it exactly right, yeah.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   44:48
OK, cool. That's good enough. Then I think we we got clarity and I'm assuming like this person can work remotely, right?

Colin Moore   44:57
Yes, yes. I'm gonna keep doing that until I can get us a building in Pune.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   45:02
Sure, sure. And uh, uh, any budget cap you have in mind for lead role?

Colin Moore   45:12
So for a lead role, it definitely depends because I know there's people that come very expensive and I also know that there's really good people that don't come too crazy. I would say my preferred for someone like this with this going up the more boxes they check here. So for the.
Excuse me for these.
For the technical breadth, the more options they have here, the higher up I'd be willing to go. I think starting out like let's say 35 to 45 as the range. I would go as high as 5560 if it was the perfect, perfect candidate.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   45:39
Um.

Colin Moore   45:52
But of course, I think we would actually be able to get through this. I know a couple of people that I've worked with in the past that are all in that same kind of circling around 40 to 50 range that are going to be a good fit for it. Sometimes people will put some crazy things on the resume and then ask for a ton of money.
Those ones I almost always filter out unless their resume makes perfect logical sense that that they were doing this. The the trouble is that a lot of those people end up being totally hands off and kind of just sitting back, you know, legs up on the desk saying I already did all my work for my career, now it's up to other people to do the rest.
I definitely don't want someone like that, so usually people are a lot more realistic when they're involved.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   46:33
But.
Got it. Second question, like Rachana and Pankaj, I am assuming like they are not falling in this category, right? The people who we interviewed, OK.

Colin Moore   46:46
That's that's right. I think from from 2 aspects, one would be definitely the leadership experience. The difference is that like sometimes people will say like LED a team and they haven't actually LED a team because in this capacity leading is more than just you know I was a technical lead for one project.
It's also all the other stuff that comes with being a leader, which is like now I got a two people got in a fight. What do I do? Someone's time sheets were right. How do I resolve that? So it's it's also the, you know, actual managing part of it that's important and neither of the people had that. So for Pankaj and from.
Rachana Pankasha was actually the closest to it, but his problem was that he was not an IC anymore. So he kind of fell into that category of I've done all my work already. Now I'm going to claim my team's accomplishments as my own and you know, I I can help them out if and as needed.
But his problem was that it was too early for him to do that, you know? And you know, that's that's my personal opinion. I'm not saying that I'm right, but it's like me, like I'm I'm not sitting here saying, you know, I no longer have to write code anymore because I'm director of AI.
I still write code more than the rest of my team, so I need someone that's like that to be a good partner and I don't think he would fall into that good kind of hybrid IC plus manager type person.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   48:10
OK, that's great then. So like once we get go ahead from your side and Yogesh's side, we'll start on this and as I said like action items pending over on Santosh, Junaid and Anushree. So once we get clarity on that, we'll start onboarding them.

Colin Moore   48:18
OK.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   48:27
OK.

Colin Moore   48:28
Perfect. Perfect. And I'm I'm gonna convince Yogesh for all these guys.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   48:30
I guess.

Colin Moore   48:33
Of course.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   48:33
Thank you so much. Yeah, I'm, I'm done from my side. Uh, anything from your end?

Neha Malhotra   48:39
No, but like, I am good. I am good. Yeah, great job. Good luck on this role.

Rahul Bobbili   48:46
Same here, Colin. I think I'm good. We can connect later if we need anything. Yeah. Thank you.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   48:47
Thank you so much.

Colin Moore   48:51
Awesome. All right. Yeah. Yes.

Vinayak  Deepak Phadnis   48:54
Thank you so much. Thanks.

Rahul Bobbili   48:56
Thanks.

Colin Moore stopped transcription
