OK. Hey, Justin. Oh, thanks for coming. Hey, happy Monday. Yeah, happy Monday. Hi to me, Dad. Hello. Good morning, everyone. Hey, good morning. Hey, good morning. I'm out. So Justin, are you in the office most days or around Tuesdays like that?  Uh, yeah, typically Tuesday, Wednesday, Sunday, sometimes, uh, yeah, I'll be there on Mondays and Fridays, too. Gotcha. Mostly Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, yeah. Hopefully next time I'm in the Bay Area, I'll get to meet you in person. Yeah. Yeah, I'll be there. Yeah. Thanks for having us. Happy Monday. Hey, guys. Happy Monday. So, any open items that we need to solve? Okay. So, I think, uh...  Probably pretty clear from last week. I know we had a little bit different architecture. We're getting that together right now. I don't think right now any open items aside from the ADS machine, which I know is in progress anyway, I think we've been able to start working on the temporary machine in the meantime, just to make some progress. So the ADS machine, I don't have control first of all. Right. And you need to have a meeting with Mahavir if required. And how do we get that started? Okay, fine.  So I'll not be able to help you guys out in that permanent area, sir. No problem, no problem. We'll take it up with Mahavir. Yeah, take it up with us and we'll ask him how he can help you guys out and apparently he has so many people who by now know what are the onboarding steps, right? Right, right. Yeah, no problem. He should guide you guys, but I don't have any visibility and I'm sorry about that. No problem, totally understood. Okay.  And are you guys able to access the deep side reports? Any thing that I know, I think Srikar was asking me something last time. Still have any questions Srikar on that? Last time I was asking about the pulse and the scribbler. But if we still need those, I think we can get the access to those. No, I mean you guys are not part of that technique right now.  I think NAGA misunderstood the original thing. So there are a lot of other trials in pipeline. So what you guys do will be involved in those pieces. The analysis part, did we do the analysis on the common issues thing, a little bit deep dive?  So what are the real questions that we want to answer? So I think we're in progress on that. So I know that Srikar is working on that today. We're in progress on that. And what we're trying to do is, as much as we'll have the answer for the analysis so that we can really drill down and understand, we'll also make that repeatable so that we can do that in the future too. I'm sure that's something we'll want to rerun periodically time to time to see what the state is in the repository and in that chat.  So I know we're in progress on that. And take the date snapshots, that way you don't have to redo the same dates again. If you have consumed the old data, you can only consume the new data in the consecutive two times. Absolutely. And we'll do that in the same way that you've guided to make it as kind of a modular service layer so that we can always reuse that even across projects. I think that's still always useful. It's just a categorizer effectively for any kinds of chats. So we'll do this. OK.  and okay that's there and is there in the process I mean if you guys are on that is there a way for us to can you guys explore how to create a webex bot helper itself that way we'll add a nxci bot help it's a curated Q&A that way if the user is asking the same question he get an answer immediately  Yes. Yes. And also with that, so, and tell me if this is helpful. We were just going to do this naturally as we went. Sorry if the only reason why he's not on this call today. There was some, he did some travel with his family over the weekend. There was a, unfortunately, a landslide. He wasn't impacted by it, but it did impact his travel home. So I'll speak for him today on this. But he's all right. So no worries there.  But on that aspect, what we will do is we'll both make that bot, but we'll also document how to make that bot. And I know one item Srinivaso wanted to ask about was how much, if at all, does the team use skills with the chatbots? So there's codecs, but you can also create skills. So even if someone in the future was trying to make a WebEx bot, we can actually make a kind of a repeatable. This takes usually about 45 minutes for us.  a repeatable workflow. So if you ever want to make a bot in the future, it's almost like a factory to do that and generate that. Yeah, I mean, I'm interested in that. Yeah, create a skill which can create a new bot, right, as required. Okay. Yeah. We'll take care of that. It can be customized. Yeah. Yes. Yes. So we'll take care of that. Skills are super useful. I think they're a great complement to what you already have for MCP. And already the Codex workflow as well gives a little bit more control. We'll make those as we go.  Yeah, so yeah, we can leverage in other places. Let's say anything good point call it Please remember that anything you guys are doing should be modular and pluggable to other workflows So as much as possible, okay, unless there is a very specific requirement It should be it should be plug and play kind of equivalent and you are thinking in the right direction. Yeah, that's the right thing to do Those things so and also I saw email from Namita right  access logger or some escalation. Anything, any concern there or are we good right now? I think as of right now we're good. The very quick explanation is that some files were shared. We have an incoming team member who you haven't met yet. There was originally someone for the project but they didn't meet frankly my internal standards so we basically took them off the project before they really got started.  The person that was coming in to replace them has onboarded with Cisco, has completed all documents, all onboarding steps, all the NDA, everything there. Some documents were shared with that person. Unfortunately, it was not over the right channel. I'll say that with you privately soon you guys, but it was shared over the not the right channel. I think what the CyberSec team flagged was that because the content was around web scraping or WebEx scraping,  they thought that there was some bad intention there because they didn't know the context of our project. So they saw that and said third-party contractor scraping WebEx chats. So is there nothing to worry about now, right? That's right. I already looped in on this morning. I think they'll probably talk to the CyberSec team, but other than that, I don't see any issues. Just a matter of explaining. Okay, sure. And if they have concern,  Let us know we can run that same thing through one of our IDs too. If Cisco says no, that's not allowed, then once the infra is ready probably we can run it on behalf of you guys. We'll see how it goes. Okay, you guys figure it out that way. Okay, what else?  Okay, so there are no open items right now. We briefly talked about the architecture. Any questions on that? The one I sent earlier? I think maybe just one. So just one distinction because I think there's two things that sound similar but could be the same thing depending upon how you want to think about them. So there's a call graph and then there's a knowledge graph.  Just a clarification on which one you want. We can do both. We can do either. Call graph meaning, you know, the kind of waterfall almost of exactly what was called for what specific event or code change, all the files that it touches, versus the knowledge graph, which would be kind of a stateful representation of the code base. I think last call we talked about both.  I just wanted to see which because the reason is for a knowledge graph they can get a little bit computationally intensive as they need to be re-indexed whenever new files come in. So we'd want to be careful there from an architecture standpoint not to do that on anything that would change frequently because that would create a burden on the computation side for an ADS machine. We could still do it a little bit more lightly and you'd still get the same impact of knowing exactly what files were touched, what libraries were called, etc.  but we can do that a little bit differently. I just didn't want to deviate from that if you really wanted to be a full knowledge graph for the code base. I think before I make this way or that way, I have a chat with Justin and they had built an equivalent, I mean it's not a complete knowledge graph or a card graph, but an equivalent like what to build that way they had and they are also trying to do with the bezel, okay?  once you have a deep dive probably you'll understand and then after that we will chat okay you can have a separate description just in and understand Justin can you bring your speed on that piece yeah yeah basically if you change a c file or something right we can figure out which targets need to be built okay based on this picture okay okay and the  Okay, and then this knowledge graph or the call graph right whichever I mean we may need both but But I will see right the key thing is We need to go figure it out two things one. Let's say there are 20 PRs that got much Right in the nightclub build and one PR cause an issue for us the issue could be because of a Sanity issue or the issue could be build failure  We don't know there is some issue with one of the PR right now as the release lead I need to be able to figure it out Okay, if it is a build failure first of all we need to say okay, which PR cause that failure that is I'm assuming straightforward number one But sometimes it's possible that people will commit one PR over the other PR There will be two or three changes that gets much So even though you said that this PR caused the issue  there will be dependent PRs that also need to be taken care. So that means if I say this is PR cause the issue and if the release lead says okay let's back out this PR then you cannot simply back out that PR because that has dependence on PR2, PR3. So when we say back out PR1 we need to also have an intelligence behind the scene to say okay this PR is dependent on PR2, PR3 and we have to tell the release lead that  okay these three PRs need to be backed up together because of so and so reason so that intelligence we need to build same thing if the issue is because of let's say sanity meaning regression the smoke test right and if the release lead says that I want to in this case he doesn't know what caused the issue but assuming that he knows which PR caused the issue same thing you will say I want to back out this PR  So we need to understand there are two parts of that sanity part one is watch PR cause the issue that's a separate one and Given a PR how do I back out it that again falls into the same the build So with the knowledge graph that what we are creating should have intelligence to say how these PRs are interleaved and which PR has dependency on what so that when the user says I want to back out this particular PR which other dependent PR we need to tell the release leads  OK, these other PR need to be backed out and have a workflow on how to back out that change as a part of the nightly build. Does it make sense? Yes. So this small edge graph, when you think you need to take this use case and say that how this use case will work, what are the data structures that we are building behind the scene? Makes sense. Makes sense. Just keep that in mind when we  when you guys talk on that piece. OK. And I think what we can do from that is you'll have, because that's good, because that means that the problem gets smaller. That'll be a full dependency graph. So similar to a knowledge graph, but doesn't need to encapsulate absolutely everything at all points in time. So that'll make the computation for it significantly cheaper, which will make that much easier to do at some scale. So that's even better. Yeah. We do have a build grid.  dependency graph created and we have that commands available to look at what library binary how they are dependent and what image is getting created all that dependency graph is already there in a dot structure okay okay so yeah I think Justin knows it like the worker so I'm asking calling to talk to Justin and yeah yeah I'll pass on the command to him yeah yeah okay  And there will be a statefulness to that, of course, too. So this is, you know, at this moment in time, this is what happened. This is the state of the repository. This is the state of, you know, that PR that might be there, because these things change maybe not as frequently if they're based on nightlies. But we'll have a statefulness to it, too. So you can get the full kind of tracking history of it. Okay. And like the last time, what we discussed, there will be an agent that is running and that can assist the folks to basically  if there is any minor change right very small thing user can just talk to the agent to rebuild that particular minor issue let's say some if conditions have an issue or some someone forgot some semicolon or whatever right we will have an agent which can do a point fix we will use the same so we are building one agent I told you right on the for a code review will the same thing will  We will use the same infrastructure, we will use it here. Makes sense, makes sense. Okay, any other thing for next two days, we will see the Bhagiram's witness there.  Do you think there's a need for us to generate a Bazel MCP or something for people to utilize it? We need to do that. We need to go to the point of view from the, you know, by the search of the commit, back out related things, other things, right? Yes. So we need to do things. We need a Bazel MCP, first of all, Devokar, for the build MCP. And there is already a Wit MCP, right?  the on-premander team, they have done, they have extended them. We need a Bazel MCP agenda actually as a part of the code review because when we are developing infrastructure where, let's say I give 10 comments to you, right? One of the comment, you did not like it, you have half liked it, let's say, right? And you want to augment the code change, let's say. So in the web portal, user will say,  Okay, I want to decline this by the way, can you make this change you can put a comment for just for that double comment a lot If the entire PR ready and it will go the agent will go and only change that piece of if condition with whatever Whatever condition that you wanted now once I do it. I need to be able to do a point build Right to at least behind the scene to say that whatever the code I'm suggesting is proper  We got red so double up will walk on the MCP. Yeah, you can but it's going to be MCP for individual Branch point of view We will we will as a part of the basil in it. I'm on what was the MCP in it We'll provide what is a branch details and what not and then we'll skip up the bill only for that All right, so yeah that can I don't know if calling can help the team can help us. We had to do I mean all beat has to be in together  We can go ahead and check and then see if there's anything we can do it on ourselves and then we'll provide that if it's possible. Otherwise, we'll touch base with Colin on that. Okay. Any other questions? So, I'm assuming we are on track, right?  Yes, yes, I think so. I have one very quick question, which I think you already answered, but I'll ask it just to be explicit. So one of the items that we talked about earlier, I know this was maybe a difference with Naga, but for the Paulson Scribbler, I think, just to confirm, do you want us to hold off on pursuing that further? I think for one of them, it was, you know, one, I think we've already absorbed in, which is the WebEx scripting. That's fine. I think for the other one,  It was a matter of using whisper versus using the Cisco transcripts Do you still want us to do that analysis? Or do you want us to hold off on that for now because it would conflict I don't know where did he commit though on that one easy part of Scribbler or I forgot. Yes part of Scribbler Okay, let me talk to him. We need to bring him also on board first. Let's solve this problem then before we Probably take that up right because you have anyway too many things on your hand right now. Okay, okay I want to at least get one thing going  Because the PR analysis is pending, right? I mean the CI thing, what is the problem we need to solve? And I'm assuming you had to also start, I mean, bring up the CI CD app on your radio service, right? Bring it up and see how it looks, right? That's right, that's right. And he has too many things. Let's not keep open many. Once we solve one pipeline, adding another one will be very easy. Yes, yes. Just for now, hold on.  We'll bring you guys, but for now, hold on to that. Okay. I just didn't want to forget it. If that was a... Yeah, just make a note and maybe remind me once we have something outcome, then we will say, okay, what about this kind of a thing, right? Sure. Okay. All right. So I'm hoping by Wednesday, we will, we would have defined all the user related issues that we want to focus and solve it, right? Yes.  and probably you can create some kind of an excel sheet or something to say what are the typical questions exact question that we want to solve yes okay that is one and one question for Anupama Anupama is the the cat mcp can you find the details to get a chance yes yeah it is on the marketplace IDE marketplace you should be able to get it from there  Can you send it with a link? It should be integrated to the deep site automatically, right? Because we have integrated the marketplace with the deep site. Okay, so it will be available. Yeah, so you should be able to use it. Yeah, I think we need to do one more. Yeah, it is, yeah, so deep site is integrated already.  So we have one MCP viewer app on the DeepSight. So probably in another this week we'll publish it. Then Colin, you can actually go to the DeepSight platform, launch the MCP viewer and invoke the cat MCP on that and start playing. It's like a playground kind of a thing. Awesome. So I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, once we release it in two days, I'll let you know. Okay. Definitely. Really looking forward. That'll be great.  And that way we can get a sense of what you want to do for MCP, we can help there too. So even the back here for the other things, or more than the MCP. I can turn you off. Okay, there's nothing much here. We can take a break from here. Yeah, yeah, that's all. Okay, cool. Thank you. Thanks. Yeah, Nubomar, can I tag with you? I'll tag with you. Yeah, sure.  I wanted to know the code review what happened. Yeah, yeah. So I'm validating on stage. There was some stage issue or a cat issue on stage part. So I was working with cats team.