So basically there were some items that these are specifically the documents from Justin Joseph for his Python WebEx scraper.
So we have another team member that's coming on to the project.
Her name is for Shelly and she is coming on.
She was the fourth person to join.
She signed her NDA, she signed all and done all onboarding flow with Cisco.
She just doesn't have her Cisco email access yet.
She was doing that with IT on Friday.
So on Friday, Namita had shared the four Python files from Justin to Bishali.
But she shared them over Teams.
So that's problem number one.
So I'll address that.
Yeah, so...
I think that will come to us, to me actually, I can clarify to them.
How are they expecting to be clarified?
So I think for them, they were looking at it as the same way that I am, which is that it is severe in the sense that there were documents shared on a non-Cisco channel.
I'll address that.
They were just those four source Python files.
So it wasn't anything with API keys or anything inherently sensitive.
Just those four files from Justin Joseph.
I think they are doing a formal review for this, the GPS team.
Okay.
But I just, I wanted to get in front of this with you.
It is serious, I know that, but I also wanted to make sure the context was clear.
We are not, of course, scraping Cisco content for anything other than the purposes of that WebEx Logscraper for NXOS.
Yeah, yeah, so, correct, I think I'll answer.
Thank you, Colin.
So I think on the Microsoft Teams here, that is not the preferred channel to share.
So I guess that let them review it.
And then of course you are involved.
If you need any assistance from our side to clarify, I can actually help on that one.
But they will go through their process of review.
The second part, WebEx Cripple.
That one again.
Is there going to review that as well?
What's the next step on that one?
Yes, so I think they were kind of joining the two together.
And I realize, you know, on the surface, it looks quite bad.
It looks like, you know, we wrote some some files that were meant to scrape WebEx chats.
No transcripts were shared, to be clear, just the Python files themselves.
I think they're considering it one in the same.
So the files were shared incorrectly through the wrong channel, but also the content of what was shared raised a big red flag to them.
So they're kind of viewing it as one in the same.
Got it.
Got it.
OK.
So let them come back with their finding.
And then if you have to provide the point of contact, you can provide my name.
So until that is clear.
Your work is stalled, like what to do today?
I think just on Amita's side, it's stalled.
I think they've suspended her account at this point, which is correct.
I don't blame them for that at all.
I'm sure that will get resolved, pending the results of whatever they find in their investigation.
That's correct.
I suppose they should be able to clear in a day or two, but I can follow up later in the day about that one.
So then let's keep going.
Let them come back with the finding we'll support with the data and what we are doing and we'll go from there Yes, sounds great.
I just wanted to I know it sounds quite bad on the surface I just wanted to make sure you had the context before it came to you Thank you, thank you and of course Even probably we are not even this is complex.
Also, we cannot plug in any let's say USB stick or anything It doesn't even recognize on the laptop  So of course there's an area of concern and Cisco keeps improving the way they manage the security and confidentiality.
So it happens, it has happened for full-time employees also sometime.
So it should be, I hope it should be okay, but let them go through their finding.
Whatever recommendation they come up, of course we'll comply with that.
And anything I have to justify, I'll justify that as well.
Likewise, likewise.
And just so you know, on our side too, we'll be doing a policy review, because even on our side we have the same policy, so technically it violated both us and yours at the same time.
So we'll take care of it on our side, we'll ensure this never happens again.
It was genuinely just a well-meaning mistake.
Vice-Shali, the person who the files did get sent to, is fully onboarded with Cisco.
So she's signed the NDA, she's completed all of her onboarding.
I think that's important too.
She wasn't just sending it to a B1 person, but a B1 person for the project.
I would just like to share that.
All this was done with Godin 10.  like just to ramp up the project and make sure that we are not missing out anything just because we don't have access or dealing on projects.
So that was my only intention.
No, that's fully understood.
I understand that.
I understand that part very well.
No doubt.
I think we are all on the same page.
So let's wait for the finding and then I just want to make sure it gets quickly resolved so we continue to make progress.
Yes, sounds good.
Sure.
Thank you, Arnold.
Thank you.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you, Colin.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
