Hi Colin, FYI this is the complete conversation. 
Matt Healy • Namita

I'm an Investigator with the Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT)

Our monitoring detected your recent upload of large amounts of Cisco Confidential sourcecode MS Teams Such activity is prohibited and is a serious violation of Cisco's security policies that you have previously committed to following.

What is the reason for this activity and who was this data sent to?

This needs to be addressed before you do any other Cisco related work.


You • Hi Matt, sorry I was not aware. I was sending it to my colleague who is also part of Cisco project and we are working together . I got access to temp ADS machine.

I will be careful from next time and won’t do it again!

Apologies!

Thanks!

Matt Healy • What is this person's name? What was in the largestcfile

You • Vaishali Sonawane. We will be leveraging source code in this file for our current project.
Her on boarding is in the process
She is the new team
Member

Matt Healy • Uploading source code outside of Ciscos network is probably the most egregious violation of Cisco's data protection policies. Do not delete anything this is being escalated to the data protection and GPS teams
Even using Ms teams for business as a violation of Cisco's data protection policies

You • Ok!

Matt Healy • Doesn't matter if she's being on boarded. if she does not have a Cisco ID it is not okay for her to have any sister data.

I need a list of all source code and data that has been sent outside the Cisco Network, immediately

You • No data was shared just couple of source code file.

Matt Healy • That is data. Whats source code? You uploaded many other files as well. I need specifics.

You • 4 source code file that we will be leveraging in our project and webex video to bring her up to the speed. 

Matt Healy • Ive very clearly asked for specifics on the source code. If you do not cooperate I will be suspending your access

You • analyze_and_fix_build.py, automated_bazel_workflow.py, automated_workflow.py and bzl_error_report.py This is part of /DCN/tools.

Matt Healy • Just to be clear, You've stated on the record as part of official CSIRT Investigation that the file 041526.zip (26.77Gb) only contains 4 python files
I am suspending your access to Cisco for the remainder of this investigation to protect Cisco's intellectual capital 

You • Those are logs files for analysis for project.
It’s a new project. Only I had got access to it. And was responsible to share it with the team.
I was trying to share but was never able to send it through.

Matt Healy • I clearly and directly asked you for the specific contents of all the flies. which contain 80.7 GB of data.
Where did you airdrop files to?

You • Sorry I didnt realize that I was such a huge file. I was trying to zip the sample log file but looks like it zipped entire directory

Matt Healy • Its prohibited to send any files outside of Cisco
Where did you airdrop this to?

You • That was sample Bayone document we had prepared to share with the team. Was trying to transfer it to my bayone laptop.

Matt Healy • This doesnt look like sample data 
What team? Be specific.

You • Bayone team who is working on this current project with Srinivas and Colin.
@srinivas pitta and @colin moore
Can you please not suspend my account. It has taken me 3 weeks to get my account in place and get access.

Matt Healy • No.  You've already caused a major data loss incident.

You • Sample Bayone document - This presentation we had given to Srinivas on Friday. 
zip files - Are the logs that we used for analysis

Matt Healy • If its real data then how can it be a sample?

You • Lets setup a meeting with Srinivas and Colin in Monday first thing in morning. Sorry for the trouble.

Matt Healy • No, The GPS and Data Protection teams will be doing this. 
You do not contol this investigation
Why did you ignore this? I told you, this discussion will be setup by Cisco.
Internal Cisco discussions of this incident will be conducted first.  This is a serious matter, please stop ignoring my requests.
Do the Cisco steakholders know you have been scraping data from webex?

You • Yes, 
Thats our project.
My teammate scarpped it. Srinivas knows about it.

Matt Healy • Who is Srinivas?

You • spitta@cisco.com

Matt Healy • who else has this access ?

You • Only I have access to temp ADS. We have been talking with team since 2 weeks to get access to all of us.

Matt Healy • That doesnt seem like a good idea at this point

You • ok

Matt Healy • You uploaded Log Type Mapping.pdf to BayOne-Solutions's github account, correct?

You • Yes. As we are using it. My manager knows about it.
Ok