Then that is like, this is not good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I mean, I just reading the language, like I'm, I'm no stranger to, you know, like the, those infosec things.
Um, and I mean, there's just so much to unpack there because there's even more detail beyond what Cisco knows.
Um, so like basically I got on with a non today and I did damage control.
So at least within, in terms of a non we're okay.
So, I'll give you the quick version.
Okay.
So basically, Vaishali is a new person coming into the project.
She has her Beyuan account, Beyuan WebEx, but does not have her laptop yet and is still waiting on her email to be activated with Cisco.
Right.
Yeah.
Yes, I got that part.
Like, why did Namita think it was okay to send these things to Vishali at this point when she's not onboarded?
Did she, like, not know?
I told her on no less than five occasions, including twice in writing, that they are not to use anything with Bay One on their Cisco machines.
And also, you know, I told them, you know, if you are going to send anything, you can send from Bay One to Cisco.
That's fine.
You know, inward direction is fine.
Outward direction is never fine.
Right.
Right.
Exactly right.
And this is where it just doesn't, like there's three parts of this to me that make zero logical sense.
Number one, she sent it over Microsoft Teams.
She actually downloaded Teams onto her Cisco laptop, which violates our internal IT policy.
Oh my god.
And then she sent them to Vaishali.
And I'm like, Namita, you have WebEx.
Rachele has WebEx.
What are you doing here?
What did you have to say that's so callous?
That just does not make any sense at all to do that.
To use Teams when you have WebEx, when you have the internal ecosystem.
It also shows that she hasn't done the training, right?
The training probably mentions that, you know, something that is like number one, right?
You don't send out source code on teams to outsiders.
Oh, and then to make it worse, she so she got the four teams files across.
There's there's just so much in it.
So I'm like, I'm trying to like even come up with the right wording for this.
It's like, you know, trying to explain like some awful accident.
Like there's so many things that went wrong, but they're like,  So she did that for four Python source code files.
And she was trying to basically minimize to me that it was only those four source code files, which would have been like kilobytes, you know?
Like they're not big.
Right.
She neglected to mention that she sent far more than that.
She got clocked in by Cisco IT at sending 80 gigabytes of files via Teams.
Oh my god.
And she tried to tell me that they were log files that doesn't even make sense like 80 gigabytes is what approximately I don't know 16 HD movies Like full-length, you know, two-hour movies like what was she sending though?
Colin like these files are gonna do what and why to this Charlie?
So that's the thing.
Her explanation, and she generally seems upset about it, and that's fine, but upset doesn't do anything for me.
I mean, this is work.
This isn't personal.
So she was like, I wanted her to get involved in the project to speed things up, blah, blah, blah.
And I'm like, timeout, it still doesn't make sense. 80 gigabytes?
I'm like, if you've ever worked anywhere before, you should know damn well that you're going to get flagged by IT.
I could send them to Yogesh and I'd still get flagged by IT.
Exactly right.
That shows that she's inexperienced and does not work in an enterprise environment.
Ever.
Because this is just even a child would know this.
Like my 13 year old would know not to do this.
I mean, do you?
Do you want to add in Zara?
Zara is calling me on my cell phone.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let me add her in.
That way I can explain.
I'm just like...
Let me add her in.
I at least have a somewhat positive.
Hey, Zara.
Hi.
Hi, hi, hi.
Hi.
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm totally fine.
Everything is actually totally fine.
But, yes.
Go ahead.
Okay.
So, where do you think...
I just called Colin now.
Because I'm anxious about this and I'm going to lie.
And Colin, what did Anand and Srinivas have to say?
Like, what was their reaction?
Because they're internal.
They probably dealt with this in the past.
Well, the good news was that Srinivas declined the call.
Anand got on, you know, but he was a little bit late to it.
But he was actually fairly okay.
So I explained to him.
And what I did, let me give the brief background so you both understand.
Basically, there's these four files that were Python files that one person at Cisco had written, and they were for a legitimate part of the project, which was WebEx chat scraping.
That has to do with the automation for CICD.
Yes.
So that is a minor part that I made into a major part, what I talked to Ananda.
I said, hey, she sent them over the wrong channel.
That's wrong.
We'll take care of that internal.
But I think Cisco IT got pissed off that.
Um, you know, these were WebEx chat scraping files and they probably saw that and freaked out because that looks really bad, but you know, that's a legitimate part of this project.
Um, blah, blah, blah.
So at least he's like, yeah, you know, people share things inappropriately.
Sometimes it happens.
It's happened to internal employees.
It'll happen again.
Um, so he was like, Oh, I'll support you guys when you talk to the GPS team.
Um, let's just wait to hear back about their investigation.
Um, but he was fairly sympathetic, which is at least positive.
I was able to spend that.  to him in a good way.
The biggest problem is it depends upon how much he reads into what their cybersec tells him.
Because if the cybersec tells him she tried to, just wait until I tell you this part, she tried to send 80 gigabytes of files regardless of what they were.  over Microsoft Teams to another person that was on a B1 email.
And then whenever she got blocked from that, she tried to circumvent it by airdropping them to herself.
Oh my god.
And this girl admitted that in writing to the damn Cisco IT cybersecurity guy.
Like, nightmare, you know?
Nightmare.
I mean, it just shows she's fucking delusional or something.
Like,
she has no freaking clue.  either that or she's like overconfident like she's a flying spy or something but you know what the one thing in our favor is calling like I know one thing about this team Anand is a very reasonable guy they're all they may be difficult but they're reasonable  So I'm not surprised at the so at least like yeah Anand Anand is if we're looking at it with applying logic to it like this is a big fuck up Absolutely,
and we're doing the right thing by taking accountability for it.
What I was telling me her this morning was When I leave on the way there Venk it's always been my person to guide me and the one thing that concerned me was that it got escalated to  GPS a team that we haven't built a relationship with quite yet,
but it's very important And so I was just going to kind of give him some context and ask if he has any guidance in terms of how we can handle this but it sounds like you know,
we're just in waiting mode and On and doesn't seem to be like stressed  Someone has, it's not like it's indefensible, but someone has to go in front of them and defend this.
We will.
Because once she got flagged, but she still tried to airdrop it too.
There's no defending that.
I'm going to be like, she's bad shit crazy.
I don't even, I have a quick question for you guys.
I'm just, not that it matters, but I'm just trying to understand as we position this, did she, what was her like?
When she was sending all of this data, was it purely strictly for work?
Was there other intention motive behind this where this could be foreseen as she's trying to do?
Yeah, like I guess I'm trying to understand like, yes, can this be questionable and why?
Explain that to me.
Yes.
So I think we're good here.
I think the biggest question that I still need to squeeze out of her is because there's a discrepancy here.
I mean, so I think yes, we can say it was all genuinely work related and innocent.
But the discrepancy is that she told me first she sent four Python files.
Those got through.
Then she said, you know, I also tried to send log files over.
And she said those got flagged and never made it through, which is actually positive because there was an attempt, but there wasn't success in that.
She tried to circumvent again with airdrop.
That also got blocked, thankfully.
So still nothing actually got transmitted from that ADGB.
You know, that's all there.
The trick here though is that she told me a substantially different number than 80 GB.
She told me like 26 GB.
Still that's way too large, it doesn't make sense, but I'm gonna get that out of her because I'm like, what exactly did you send?
And she just sent back that it was, you know, she must have picked the wrong folder or something like that.
So I need to see exactly what she was trying to do because that'll give me the full answer to that.
I don't think there's anything malicious here.
But at the same time, if it was that level of careless, like you don't accidentally zip 80 gigabytes of files.
So now it takes like three hours to do on the fastest machine.
Colin, you know what the thing is here?
From the beginning, I'm just like going back down memory lane.
And from the beginning that we engage with her, you know, there's always been something with her explanation where it's not 100% the truth.
Yes, she's waving!
I was just tying it back to the bottom line.
It may not be malicious, but it's not in all honesty.
Yeah, she's careless.
And when I've had to get on calls with my customers, whether it's solutions or whether it's candidate backing out or candidate just doing something batshit crazy,  May has been the situation to you basically own it to the customer.
We don't know what the fuck she was doing But this is we're on board with you.
This is completely out of Out of reach and we're gonna take care of it, but I don't think this is the worst Okay, okay.
I mean it'd be good idea to check with Venkat Azara many things.
Yes Probably like according to you which should happen now  Well, this is where I'm kind of at odds with Yogesh, because I told him, and I was hoping for, you know, something back from him, but it didn't happen.
Like, he was like, oh, yeah, everyone makes mistakes.
And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
He's such a fucking idiot, dude.
Sorry.
No, I mean, like, I'm like, no.
I mean, like, this, like, if this was coherent, they would have already been gone.
Like, straight up.
Like, it wouldn't have been a hesitation.
It would have been, pack your shit, get out, and don't ask for a reference.
Yeah.
You know what the problem is, Colin and Neha, that we're going to be up against?
And I hate to say this, but I'm just giving you very direct what you're going to be up against.
So you don't bang your head.
Bay one doesn't take things seriously and they don't learn their mistake.
They have lost account.  they have a fucking shitty reputation, so I'm not surprised that Yogesh doesn't think this is a big deal.
Even if GPS comes to him, it's still not going to be a big deal until Cisco gets fucking taken out of Bay 1.
So basically, we can't even sit here justifying to Rahul, oh, this is a big deal because I cannot believe, but I can believe that Yogesh said this happens.
This shouldn't happen.
They should now ask us if they can investigate and they bring us on GPS.
You know how these investigations go, Zara.
They bring us on.
There is a call.
They're going to ask us, what did you do, right?
What did you do to mitigate this?
I mean, the right thing would be we let her go, right?
I mean, I know it's harsh, because she's on an H1.
We just started the process.
And she's going to be in a very difficult situation.
She has a child.
You know, so like I do feel for her, but then we have to say this is what we did, right?
And what would that corrective action be?
Well, let me add some fuel to that fire, too, because this is the part that Cisco doesn't know that at least we were able to get in front of.
So I told everyone I had, you know, like I said, no less than five verbal and no less than two written communications of exactly do not do this under any circumstances.
Do not do this.
So regardless of her like direct disobeying that, she also our two found she was telling the other team members to do the same.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
That to me I'm like we're not talking about this was like a simple you know I was tired I was you know you know hungry or something like I made a mistake my head was hurting so I just did something stupid one time.
This is like you know and I'm not saying malicious but still stupid.
No matter which way you slice that, it's dumb.
She's not a junior.
She's making very good money right now.
I've paid people 20 bucks an hour that have never made that mistake in the US.  nuts.
And you know, for her, Yogesh is like, oh, yeah, well, you know, we'll see back and he's, he wouldn't even let me put a report on Keika without talking to Sonia first to see what the policy is.
And I'm like, dude, fucking policy.
I know.
I know.
I know.
And I'm like, I'm gonna make a written one that says, and everyone's going to be forced to sign it first.
But basically, it'll say, you sign this, this says if you do this ever again.  you are terminated, effective that moment.
Yeah, like a warning or yeah, a pit or something.
Yeah.
Well, not even a pit.
I'm just going to say effective that day, you're going to be terminated.
Like, you know, you sign this because that is at least from H1B standpoint, like what the documentation we need.
You've already had a warning, but you know, if this happens again in any way, shape or form, you're gone.
And like, I'll make everyone sign that because I was just sitting there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think so, Colin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Imagine if this would have been times four.
Everyone on the team, because she was telling them to go around me on this.
Colin, it would be interesting to know Srinivaspita on his pulse on it, like what he thinks.
I know he didn't come.
If you're going to talk to him, or like what he has to say about this.
Because he's key, right?
Yeah, I mean, I did sense.
So with damage control, I've done because I'm just, you know, like, and it's it's also obvious she's never been in this situation, which I mean, I don't know, Colin, she I don't know if she's not ever been in this situation.
She's a little too confident.
So I feel like for someone to do this, because think about it, I'm very confident too, right?
When I do something and a system or something, there's something that goes up, I immediately like,  I'll come back and be like, dude, this happened.
Is this weird?
Like, you know what I mean?
You check.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I feel like, I'm not saying she's malicious, but I feel like she's just overconfident for me to think anything else.
That she just, she knows what she's doing, the things she can get away with her.
It's not that big of a deal.
Maybe she doesn't have sense.
Overzealous.
Yeah.
Overzealous and careless, right?
Yeah.
That's, I mean, just every part of it.
Like, and what I'm going to do is I'm just going to squeeze this out of her and say like, look, you tell me how you got from 26 gigabytes to 80 gigabytes.
And also, even if it's 26, you tell me how that math adds up because I'm not stupid.
You know, like if you tried to copy a whole repository and share it with someone over teams and that you're gone.
Right there.
And Yogesh wants to do it.
I'll be like, good, I'm just not talking to the girl.
So you can continue to pay her if you want to.
I mean, I'm just going to ice her out from the team is how that's going to go.
Because I can't trust someone like that on a client engagement.
Imagine if this was glam.
Yeah.
You know, like, imagine.
Well, you guys, let's not forget who we have internally running projects.
Amit and Anuj.
So does that say much?
I don't know what else to say.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
No, I mean, I'm with you.
I'm thinking, this gets it.
Zara, we wanted to be in front of GPS.
Yeah, dude, this is it.
You know what, I'm telling you.
That's what we wanted, but we're going to be in front of GPS.
Yeah, this is literally funny, huh?
Yeah, now we're going to be friends.
And we're trying to get into GPS.
Hey, we've got this down.
Your vision, 100%.
Go, let's go.
Now we're like, fuck, dude.
You don't even want to huddle like a vibe by your rules of engagement.
You can't protect your data.
For the basic stuff, right?
That means secure files and source code.
You know what?
It has this one thing on the same list.
Anyone that can get out of this shit and look good is going to be us.
Yeah, I think you have to always think of the silver lining.
Think about Sephora.
We had back out after back out, but it triggered an MSA, and it's happening now. 100%.
And so maybe this is this is not ideal, but yeah, you have to like here's what we'll do to you guys as soon as I get out of here and me and I are on our way to Cisco.
Um, Colin, if you're around, we've got this under control, but I'm happy to pick a Ben kids brain and he'll be like those fucking guys.
Here's who you need to talk to go.
If we can get anything from him that's helpful, great.
If not, then we're good, but I can do that if, if.
If that helps, but yeah, we can do that.
Yeah, because the big thing in here is I don't want to jeopardize that thing with EPS.
I don't want to jeopardize that because it's good projects for us.
My thing here is basically what does Cisco want to see?
Even if it's performative, I'm fine with that.
I told R2, if they recommend that they don't want her on the project, then her...
I mean, I don't mean to sound like cruel or, you know, mean right now, but her usefulness to me would have expired at that point.
Yeah.
But Colin, don't you think that you should just make that call and tell them we are immediately removing or irrespective of what they say?
Well, that's where I, you know, that's where I don't have alignment right now with Yogesh.
Like he was like, talk to her and, you know, see, and she, you know, everyone may, and I'm like, no, bullshit.
If someone makes...
You know, like you have a friend over, you have a family member over at your house and they set your kitchen on fire.
You're not inviting them back to your house.
It's not like, oh, you know, sorry, buddy.
Like it's, I'm like, you're affecting, I know you have a child.
I know it's tough with H1B, but you're affecting five people right now.
That's the problem.
Every solution of B1 is just talk to them.
Like talking doesn't always solve a problem.
And in this case, there's nothing to fucking talk about.
Yeah, you know what literally Colin when Neha and I were on that call with Venkat He said he said GPS are the people that are going to be either your best friends They'll welcome you or they're gonna fucking kick you out.
Yeah, right And they're consolidating you guys  Well, I mean, if they want, that's what I'm saying.
If they need an example to be made, then I'm not going to hesitate to do that.
It's just that Yogesh needs to get on that board, like, and realize, you know, the way that you, I'll put it this way, it's just like, you know, with coherent PwC.
PwC screwed around for three years, made zero progress, and what did they do?
They fired a partner.
Do you know what it takes for PwC to fire a partner?
That's nuts.
They don't do that.
But that was the thing they lost a 70 million dollar contract So the proportional response which was to go save their ass because other people are looking you know They hear someone like PwC screwed up an Oracle deal They want to know what heads were rolling around on the floor after and they had there had to be a head You know,
it's like national treasure.
Like someone's got to go to prison You're reading on the engage basically to give you the green light to pull them if they're not correct, correct  Okay,
I will personally call Yogesh and I here's all I'm gonna say to him when I'm driving to Cisco I'm gonna say Yogesh I know you're you're up to speed on kind of what's going on and you're still in the process of figuring out how to handle it the one thing I want to say to you is I Want to just emphasize to you that who it's been escalated to  Sewer to Raul Sharma me then can hear on that call these people you want to grow Cisco within two seconds This can be taken away if this is not taken seriously Me Colin and I have to be in front of the customer and me now walking the hall.
So we have to face them So my recommendation to you and I will have confidence The way to do this is if I can face on an entry me bus and I can look them in the eye and say  This is even more serious to us than it is to you.
And as this investigation is going on, we are making the call to immediately remove her because we do not want to afford any more risks on this project.
Yeah, she is a risk.
Yeah.
She is.
And if you make the call on behalf of your customer and you tell them you handle it, those are the things that go a long way.
Right.
Yes, we can't do anything else.
So I will tell fucking Yogesh.
This is the conversation I want to have if I can save grace.
We've already this project We have gone through so much hell and back and we finally just got to the finishing line Yogesh.
I'm begging you This is what needs to be done.
You need to call Colin tell him we're gonna pull her I will have that conversation and that is the only logical thing You can sit here and think about what you want to do But there really is no other option other than giving her a chance and in that case  What's fucked?
I think what it is is they just put in 10 grand for her H1, right?
So, Yogi, she's looking at that.
Oh, trying to justify her cost.
Cause they've actually sent their own money right now to get her.
I don't know if she paid, cause it's against a lot of ask.
I don't know if she's paid, Rahul, who can confirm that or who can confirm that if she paid for her processing fee.
Um, I think that's what it is because if they had her lose they lose that money Well, I mean but the grand scheme of things Exactly.
Yeah, sorry Colin.
Yeah No, exactly.
He's gonna put this on us and be like, did you guys actually call him?
That's one thing I want the team to start doing they don't do it for all of them But for any hires that you have I think it's extremely important especially on site to have a manager reference done.
Yeah  Because that's also something that we could have said, hey, we even did the references end to end.
So how this came up, we can't even say that, right?
Right.
Right.
And I mean, for, I mean, for her, like, I'll put it this way, like, I have no way in good faith and conscience to redeploy her on a different project.
Like, it's not like, oh, just take your office, let's go and stick around something else.
She ain't going.
It's not happening.
Like, I'm not going to jeopardize a relationship like that.
Like, imagine if this was Sephora, or if this was, you know, God forbid, Lynn would be worst of all.
Lynn is literally about  You know, information protection.
Literally, you don't call in.
You don't call in literally.
The first project we have is actually the toughest team that we have with, and anything that could possibly go wrong is going wrong.
But I'm telling myself, we're going to know end-to-end who to go for any issues after this one.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
This is experience in the worst and best way at the same time.
A lot of if it fucks up, it's going to be a smart mistake.
Now I'm like, this was not a smart mistake, but having said that, we know the right people to go to to fix it.
But they also will question us, right?
Who is Beyuan hiring?
Who are these people?
Which brings me back to one thing that RS had said, and I was laughing at it.
He said hire ex-cisco people because they know the ecosystem, they know the do's and don'ts.
And so that's like in my head right now because I was like, what is he fucking talking about?  ex-cisco people are ex... like they're not cutting edge, right?
They don't know the technology, they don't know AI.
But like an ex-cisco person knows, you know, this is a no-no.
So I was thinking about Anushree, right?
Which plug her in, she's done this.
But also to be very cognizant of that.
That we try to find people that have worked at Cisco and have AI skills.
Nobody wants...
Dude, since last year I kept fucking telling...
I told Raul, I was like, nobody wants his co-experience anymore.
It's gone.
It's outdated.
Nobody gives a shit.
Don't even ask that question.
Because they don't.
We wouldn't have business if they did, you know?
Like, we wouldn't have business.
The only reason why we do is because it's that outdated.
Yeah, exactly.
For him, like, I want him to know, like, you know, 10k, some cost, whatever.
But, like, it's different for reputational damage.
Like, it's...
For me, if it's a matter of just swapping her out with Anishree, just do it.
It's early enough in the project, you know, she's been doing some work, sure, and her work has been good.
Like, other than this, like, work has been good, but it's not good enough.
Like, if this was Sarov, I'd be like, okay, never should have happened, but, you know, his value is different.
I'm not saying that excuses him at all, but, you know, there's probably a good reason here.
But she's not a rockstar.
I mean, she's a good person.
She's a good worker, but she's like a B grade.
She's not a plus plus plus, like, you know, that would cause you to give extra pause to just yanking someone off.
So, you know, for me, I'm like, I get that we spent money on it.
I get that she's a person.
I get that.
I fully understand.
But we all have a duty.
We all sign the same paper.
I mean, there's just so many violations wrapped up in there that it's not like a small thing.
Like I just keep on trying to get them.
I'm like, even if we get this fixed up, look at it this way.
It is 1pm for me on Monday.
I've gotten to do zero EPNM because I'm worried about this.
The smell reality.
So now this is affecting the other side.
You know what the sad reality is?
Is like, unfortunately, Yogesh.
All in this situation, because he's losing money, that is the only thing he fucking gives us.
Reputation doesn't mean shit to these people. 100%.
If he's back, I might just do that.
Dude, we should be talking to Suru.
You know, I forget that Suru even is hired because he's been gone.
These are the...
Why are we talking to Raul and Yogi?
Why are we not talking to Suru?
Yeah, is he back?
He's supposed to be.
Right.
If he is...
You're right, Neha.
He would 100% say, fuck it.
He would be on that call, be like, let me get on the call with a customer and give them a confidence.
That's what he would be.
But GPS says he's going to have to go in front of GPS.
Like, Colin, you, me, I mean, a lot of people, but the CEO has to go.
Yeah Oh my gosh We got this it's a fuckup, it's nothing we have I mean something we haven't done before but the problem is still the same We're honest.
We have a solution.
We're embedded.
They're not gonna pull the project from us  They're just going to be kicking, screaming, shouting for a little bit.
We calm them down, give them hugs.
See, we got this.
We're really, really sorry.
And we're going to come out of it.
And it's going to be fine like this last week.
Right.
And I'll keep doing damage control.
I already messaged for any of us.
And I've been giving him very light.
You know, I'm good with this, you know, for the damage control.
I know.
I wish I could help you with streaming bus, but you are the only person that he listens to and has confidence in.
Right.
Well, I'm just going to tell him.
I mean, he's going to want to do it the same way that I would.
And I'll just be honest with both of you.
We talk to each other like we're engineering managers.
I'm going to be like, this person on my team is a freaking idiot.
And I'll take care of her.
You don't worry about a thing.
This is not your problem to deal with.
This is mine.
I get that it violated your policy.
It violated mine worse.
So whatever you want to do, it's like you go to one parent and the dad calms the mom down.
No matter what you think that you're going to yell at them like, I'm going to yell at them 30 times worse.
One suggestion would be, if you have time, it's going to take some bandwidth to come with our policies for Cisco specifically.
Sephora, we are not engaged.
But just to give them, these are the do's and don'ts.
Like children, right?
Do's and don'ts.
I know that they go through the compliance training with Cisco, but who even pays attention?
A good engineer would pay attention.
But these are things like, you know, we make them find something which protects us.
They're gonna get even like, they're gonna get treated like children.
If they're gonna act like children, they're gonna get treated like children.
So for me, they are going to not be able to download anything without my explicit permission and knowledge beforehand.
That'll be one.  number two if they Respond in any way to escalations like this without me in the loop because this could have been way better if I would have known Like I could have gotten way in front of this and prevented everything but you have someone that's like it's literally like you're watching like two trains collide like you know like Like you're watching like a crime series and the person like sitting there like ha ha yeah I did it and they're like on on camera on like a microphone like a hidden hidden mic  But like,
yeah, I did it.
I totally stole that guy's car.
And I'm not even sorry about it.
She basically did that.
She was like that, right?
She's like, oh, please don't take my access.
It took me three weeks to get the access.
And this guy's like, I don't give a shit.
Yeah, she just did the big gross violations.
I think she's just delusional or something.
She doesn't get it.
Dude, maybe she's like me.
She's like, it's fine, you guys.
Not that serious.
I really didn't do anything wrong.
I'm just trying to fucking work.
Yeah, you know what?
I think she's like me.
She's fine, you guys.
We can keep her.
She's harmless.
If you look at the price tag, I'm like that is wild like I've I've had so many teams I've never had this extent happen.
So for someone that's paid that well And it's just nuts.
I mean that is just unconscionable of nuts to me.
I'm just Can't hear you you can't hear you No, it feels like you went for yeah  I have this meeting with them.
It's a company called Nile and They it's a it's a startup.
Yeah, I didn't know this John Chambers started this company But as a founder, yes  When you hear me say, it means it's not a joke in Hindi.
So this guy, I worked with him at HP.
He used to work at Cisco.
He was at HP.
I had a couple of people billing with him.
He's a head of global delivery services and he's now at this company called Nile.
So he's got a couple of requirements.
We're going to go meet with him.
This could be our new logo.
My goal is Neha is going to talk about some of the  Cisco use case studies and I should have done this on my own.
I should have looked to see who else I know at Nile, but that could be a, you know, a new logo for us.
So if you know anything about Nile, you know, I'm going to start seeing who else we know.
Just a side note for you.
New question.
Good to know.
Good to know.
And even so, if you, I can show, I need to do this for you too, Zara, but maybe we can all do it together at some point.
Maybe I'll see, let me see where EAP and M's at this week.  but I can show you how to do like the automated full research with it.
Okay.
The cool thing with that is that you can feed it in.
So I know I keep talking about this.
We haven't gotten into it yet, but the singularity thing basically is the master.
Just think of it as the master record of everything we've ever done, every conversation we've ever had with anyone.
Not just us, but across all these Bay One things that I've been a part of.
So if you were to go and say, hey, here's this company, what do I want to talk to them about?
What do we have that might be of interest to them?
You can get like those powerpoints and documents like I generate.
You can get that out with all in one area.
Yeah, like one.
Yeah, you don't even have to figure out like what it is.
Like you can just say, here's what, you know, I don't even know what to talk to them about.
Or maybe I have some idea, whatever you come in with, if it's zero, if it's something, whatever.  and then it'll reference our real stuff so that it's not just made up or you know made to order it's really referencing like actual tactical things  That's that's a cool cool little thing.
We can do that is really I mean, yeah,
there's there's just so much data That's it and I were talking last because I've got so many good nodes and they're just scattered everywhere and I want Vinay to have access to all of these Rejections what they were looking for so he could reference to it when these rules come up.
But yeah, no, that would be good Okay, I'm gonna get out cuz I need to get out of the house because I'm just yeah, so  We got you man.
I got you and we're sorry.
This is happening, but I will call I do feel it now you and I in parallel to Colin We need to be like we need to also have conversations with Yogesh to double down on it like at least in this situation Yeah, yeah, we should talk to him.
Yeah I actually had sent out an email to him on Friday evening after Nishan Seaman came through we lost another position at Sephora so like we really need to talk  And I don't want Neha's very generously being Neha has offered her time to do like screening Oh the tech score thing you guys I don't wanna touch on that whatever you guys want to do,
but you saw the name of from biology right now Yeah, it came through I haven't read it  Okay, okay, I'm just gonna, I'll let you guys, I'm gonna drop, I'm just gonna quickly drop my hair and then I'm coming into the office, okay?
But we will be at Cisco Collins, so I think it'll be good that we're at Cisco.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I'll take care, I'm gonna talk to Srinivas in like 20 minutes here, so yeah, we'll be good.
Perfect.
Okay, and I sent you like not to put pressure I know you were doing the EP and anything but um, yeah, I sent you the screenshot Yeah, Silva was checking so I think they're definitely in some kind of trouble mode Doesn't seem like they have another vendor engaged to correct.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess I could see that's why  Sorry, go ahead.
I was just going to say, I'm going to do it.
I mean, I'll put it this way.
I talked to Sarav and I said that because he was like, oh, we have a couple more weeks.
And I was like, we do not.
We have a calendar week starting from right now.
We have seven days.
So rain or shine, hell or high water, this is getting done.
I'm going to do this personally.
So I know it will get done because I won't let it not get done.
And the bigger thing is like we have all the access we need.
So really, there's no excuses on our end at this point.
Like we have good responsiveness.
The team's been great.
I want to make sure this gets done for them.
So even if I told I need to tell you guys that even if it comes down to me shutting off teams for the week and just barricading myself in a room for seven days, it's going to get done.
There's nothing else that's worth five hundred thousand dollars on our play right now.
Yeah, I mean, I think also with the GPS thing, Colin, it takes this go time.
But I don't know how big of a violation this is and how quickly they're going to escalate it.
I don't think it's even going that fast.
Or it's not going to hinder anything, hopefully.
I'm going to check internally to see how big of a thing this is.
Because these guys know, right?
They're internal Cisco people.
And Zara's going to talk to Venkat.
We'll have more context.
Yeah, I mean, I'm gonna also just like, I'm gonna see what to do with that in a minute too, because like, even now, like, she's like still sending me messages like, hey Colin, like, I only had GitHub access revoked ready to keep going, and I'm like, time out, time out.
You're in the penalty box right now.
Like, stop, stop immediately what you're doing.
Like you're provoking her access right now.
I mean effectively I'm Preparing to because I'm like, you know if you like there's a clear thing you need to take a training of some kind This is not like this isn't like a whoopsies and anyway thing like this is  You know, I don't care if it deletes the project today.
I've got enough good people that can pull this ahead that I don't need people that are haphazard going to clutter up my junk.
I run a tight ship, and this is not a tight ship right now.
Yeah, you don't need to be dealing with this kind of shit, like, kindergarten shit, right?
I'm like...
This is...
So if I need to tell her, you know, hey, you know, you're in idle mode for two days while this gets resolved or anything like that...
It is what it is.
It may, like, draw...
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Oh, now I can't hear you.
Now it's...
Hang on.
One second.
Are you able to hear me now?
Yep.
Hello?
Yep.
I can hear you.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
So, okay, we're just...
I'm sorry, I'm just driving to...
We're gonna go to Cisco and this other person that's our house, Niall.  person, hopefully we'll get some people to be in front of.
But Anand is actually a chill guy.
He's very supportive and chill.
Yes, that's what I got from him today.
I was kind of shocked.
I was like, he's not freaking out.
He was like, yeah, internal people have done it.
Contractors have done it.
The policies...
Even you know everyone it happens, you know,
let's just see what the incident report says and move on So I think he's at least sympathetic and he sounds like like he said he's gonna be fine about it It's more just like I don't know how stringy bass is gonna be Yeah, yeah Yeah,
he doesn't like this kind of stuff.
He is more.
Yeah, yeah He doesn't even like a one name on presentations  He's not gonna be too keen that she, you know, did this over Bay One teams and this and that.
Um, yeah.
But I'm going to...
No, it's like, what the fuck?
Sorry, part of my life.
No, I mean...
Like, stopping you when you're trying to airdrop it, like, come on, lady.
Well, I'm just gonna...
Even if you get, like, I'll put it this way, if you guess says to me, like, oh, Colin, you know, it's fine, she'll stay, blah, blah, blah.
I'm still gonna go I mean I'm not gonna be mean like a jerk anything that's not professional of course I won't do but she's gonna know how bad this was like she can't not know like otherwise nothing ever comes to it like these are those things that you get one you get one of in your whole career you know you don't get to  He needs to learn some kind of like upscaling training like ID secure on security side and slow sex side These are just very basic things that any engineer would know right like as you said in terms know They would know to not do this.
And so it's very just like I don't know kindergarten childish stuff And like I was reading the transcript she's kind of arguing with the guy about it  like she didn't do anything.
And she apologized and she's like going back, it's like a back and forth and the guy's like, I'm going to revoke your access.
She's like, no, no, no, don't do that.
And then she, she, he was getting pissed.
Like you could read it too.
Like she's like, oh, I'll set up a meeting.
And he's like, you don't control this investigation.
I do.
And he's correct.
He's definitely someone who was having a bad day, but he's like, you freaking idiot.
Don't sit here and act like you're going to talk your way out of this.
You just admitted to me in writing that you transferred 80 gigs of files over a non-proper channel.
And he doesn't even know that she was telling the other team to do it, too.
So that's where we're going to have an all-hands meeting and say, everyone from this point forward, if that happens,  Yeah.
The door is open, and there's no coming back to that.
After that point, you were not a part of this team.
If this ever happens again, even 1% of this, that's the last straw.
Yeah, maybe one warning, Colin.
I think everybody does make mistakes.
This is a big one, but you can't just...
And if things settle down, we're gonna have to go in front of GPS.
And it probably would be best if you go.
Cuz yeah, I mean, people love you and you can defend this even though it's indefensible.
But that it was an honest mistake, it was just not malicious.
Just didn't know, she didn't understand it.
And I think we should be able to get over it.
Maybe you and Siraj, or you know, you, me, Zara, just go in so it's not even required.
Just depends on how they reach out.
They're going to reach out to us.
The investigation is going to happen.
Right.
But, yeah.
All right.
Well, I'll get ready for any of us, but thank you, Neha.
Sorry for all this.
Sorry, Colin.
You know, honestly, like, I just have my doubts about Namatha.
Nice person to, you know, like, talk to, but...
Not the brightest button in the box, for sure.
And also not the most honest.
I had also told these guys that they could push her.
And like, I flex her for a reason.
And you don't really, like, ignore them.
Cause, yeah.
But anyway.
Thank you so much.
Sorry about this.
It started, like, your week this way.
But we'll get over it.
It's okay.
It's okay.
We'll get through and I'll do everything to just...
Minimize as much as I can and the best way I can do that is to just tell her stop talking like no Don't apologize.
Don't explain don't respond unless there's unless I'm involved like just stop talking like you're self incriminating Leave it alone.
I will handle it.
So Yeah, thank you for saving those things take care  I think.
