You have two. Hey. What is this? What's going on? I am at a loss for words, if I have to be honest. The good thing is we just talked to a nun, so he... Oh boy. It's really just going to depend upon how much people like to read.  No, we actually just before you go into it, when we went on Tuesday, Namita Sreekar were having a discussion that Namita told him that I downloaded Teams and Sreekar was trying to do it. It wasn't allowing. So I told both of them the purpose of WebEx is defeated. If Teams is there, we shouldn't be doing it for somehow.  Namita got teams on her laptop. I don't remember how she got it, but the speaker was trying to do it and it wasn't developing. So we had this conversation. I don't know why she was using teams on the Cisco laptop. And also I have no clue how she can share code with someone else who's not doesn't have Cisco access at all. So unfortunate on that.  I mean, it's just, it's so many things at once that I'm trying to figure out, like, from a manager perspective what to do right now, because there's so many things, like, just so many things. So, let me, I'll tell you what I know and what's the current status with Anand, but it's still, even if this gets resolved, this is one of those things that, like, I'm not just trying to, you know, be hurt right now, but at the same time, you know, this is just crazy.  So I told every one of them whenever we started that you are allowed to send content from Bay 1 to Cisco. You are never under any circumstances allowed to send content from Cisco to Bay 1.  And also, you know, do not download things that are without my direct permission and approval. So if she's telling him to do that, that's even worse. That adds a whole other aspect to this because she's now guiding people to disobey direct orders. This isn't like a little thing, like just a mistake. Do you know the extent of this? I mean, she tried to send... Luckily, most of it got blocked. So at least it's not...  a dead temp, but it's not an action. Oh, and bar. No, no, no, no. So half of it. So there's another half to this. So she was able to send the four Python files to Vaishali over Bay one teams. In addition to that, she tried to send 80 gigabytes of log data in a zip file over teams. Was it blocked? Yes.  So thank God, but 80 gigabytes over teams. I'm like trying to rush. I'm like, have you worked anywhere before? That is nuts. I mean, that is, I don't even have words for that because anywhere you work, it doesn't matter if it's a client, doesn't matter if it's internal, you send 80 GBs of files, you're going to get flagged. Exactly. And then also proprietary Cisco files to company, another organization.  And you should, I mean, just the other thing that made it infinitely worse is her, you know, she sent me this quick message on Friday. Hi, Colin. I got flagged for a security violation with Cisco IT. I'm handling this. I'll reach out with any issues. She goes and she puts the most incriminating possible messages to their InfoSec team. And she just gave, like, you know, like, it's like watching like a nightmare. Like she gave so much detail.  that she didn't need to give that is like looks so bad. Wow. I mean, she's and she's like, so she suspended from their GitHub her full account isn't suspended. But she's suspended from their GitHub until the investigations over. She then tried to air drop files, even beyond teams when she could when she got blocked, she didn't even stop there and ask she then tried to air drop files to herself. And she put that in the message to  What's that going to do to you? Yes. It looks so bad. So bad. Now, the only good thing here is we did just talk to Anand and I did do my damage control which is because the other part of it, I'm trying to make the smallest part of it look like the biggest part in the hopes that they just don't listen to CyberSec because who listens to CyberSec?  I told Anand, hey, this happened. I gave him all the details. But I said, I think what pissed off IT the most is that the files themselves were about WebEx chat scraping, which is a part of our project. I mean, that obviously looks really bad to Cisco IT. But it is a verified, written part of our project to do.  So I said, I think that's what's really taking off the InfoSec team. And I'm like, but I'm like, so I just wanted you to know. And he's like, oh, if they have any questions, I'll address it. Let's wait for their feedback and their investigation findings, and then we'll go from there. But he said, at least, like, I understand this happens, blah, blah, blah. So at least Anand is not angry at the same time.  I don't even know what to do right now, because just from a manager perspective, you know, regardless, because with the Namita, I'm like, I don't even... There's just so many different violations here, all in one. I'm just getting a case of your license now. Okay. Kind of. And like, that was the thing I like, kind of, because I was trying to just get through this today, you know, like, for me, I'm like, I just don't want to lose the contract because it's something so stupid. Exactly.  And she's like trying to, you know, you know, explain those with good intention. I mean, shut up. Like, it doesn't matter. It does not matter. Like, it doesn't matter if you meant to cure cancer with this. It doesn't change the fact that this is logically nonsense. Like, Vachelli has a WebEx account. That's what makes this even worse. Oh, she has a WebEx account? She has a WebEx account? Or the Bey1 account? She, at a bare minimum, has the Bey1 account.  And she chose specifically not to share it over WebEx. And then, and then one more thing. She told the IT guy this too, which is just nuts. She said that I, after they were on my Bay One laptop, I took those and I uploaded them to Bay One GitHub. And I'm like, why would you, he has no clue what's going on in your Bay One laptop. Why would you say that? You know, like that's, that's horrible. Like that is...  really bad and of course it's in writing too so she's not even able to you know take that back or say it different and I just don't know what to do at this point with her like I'm like that's one thing I'm like this is not small I mean at a bare minimum I'm gonna have to give her a written warning but I if Strainy Bus tells me you know hey I want her out off this project I'm not gonna have that kind of crap I'm gonna say I agree with you  Yeah, I think what you should do, Colin, you should give her a written, probably talk to Yogesh and H.R., because if we have to let her off the project, it shouldn't be like, oh, why are you doing it, right? Everything should be a procedure. You should talk to Yogesh and H.R. about that. Yeah. So that at least if something goes wrong, we have the trial. Like, yeah, this was done on Friday. We followed up on Monday.  Just to safeguard our thing, right? And also, if Cisco comes back, what did you do? We don't want her on the project, so we let her go. And she's on H1B, right? So just talk to Yogesh. Probably this could be the only... That's the worst case scenario. I'm not saying we want to fire her, but if something goes wrong, then it should be all written, is what I'm trying to say. Absolutely.  Absolutely. I'll take care of that. I'll do a formal, you know, incident report. No, I'll put it on Keika as well as email because I want it to be there. I mean, no matter what, like this is not small. Like at first I thought... How can she do that? Yeah, I'll immediately call Stryker and tell him not to attempt any download of Webex on his laptop.  Right, right. Right. Right. And I'm just going to have to talk to Namita there too and say like, you know, did you do that? Because I want that included in my report too. And she says that I'm like, I, you know, that's, that's unconscionable. I mean, I told them all in writing. I told them all verbally on probably five different occasions.  And, you know, yet she still did that. And there's the worst part is there's no logical reason for it. Like there's nothing. Exactly. And you're saying why Shagia has a VFX account? Yes. Yes. And even on the call, we talked about that. It was actually on our team's call and I have all the transcripts for them too. So it's not even like, you know, someone can squeak out of this. Like I said, word for word. If you're going to talk to anyone about Cisco stuff.  If you want to send stuff from your Bay 1 account to your Cisco account, fine. Fine. But you cannot go the opposite way. That's an immediate and flagrant violation. And, I mean, just the language that the guy is using, the InfoSec guy is using with her, I'm like, she doesn't even know how much trouble she's in. The only way this gets fixed is if Anand doesn't care enough to read.  And I'm hoping that's the case because he's an armed And but even if he does I'm like I don't even know what to do with her because like that's just That to me is like I mean that's it like not even an internal mistake or two like that's I don't know call it up I'll tell you how serious it will be right until there was a contractor who'd be placed as I don't know why he was a very seasoned guy. Sorry guy. He wanted to send some of the code which he has  His explanation is he sent some of the code which he has written for Cisco from his Cisco account to his personal email address. And that was the last day. That guy was like the contract ended. He was hired. It was not as good as it was through a posting and we filled it. And that was his last day. He was working on Hans project. So that guy flagged immediately and he was  Obviously already out of project but the warning was given I'm not sure if he would be ever be eligible as per Han I don't know but as per Han what he said what Han said is probably will not be eligible for a rehab because this is like a big thing Right, right. I mean even for me. I'm like, you know, I don't want to disrupt the project but  I'll say this, if it comes to it and Anand wants to, if they come back and say, look, you guys are off. My very first reaction is going to be, time out, time out, time out. It was one person. This was one time. We didn't know about it. This violated our policy too. We will get her off of this project. She will never be involved with Cisco again. If that happens, I mean, my recommendation is going to be analytical.  Okay, I'll make sure I'll call you guys just so I don't like catch him cold on it exactly  But I'll call, I'll give him a call after this and just talk. I want to let Zarya and Neha know, too. Yeah. But, you know, I want to let him know so he's not surprised. Even if he says like, you know, oh, like, you know, we could redeploy elsewhere. My answer is no. If this causes like Cisco to say like, we don't want you involved in this project, I'm going to go with, you know, unfortunately, no, I can have Santos replace. We can have a stronger  policy, you know, in place that people have to sign in writing that'll, you know, say, you know, the consequence for this is termination. I mean, there's no zero tolerance policy. How, like, as you're trying to say, do you work anywhere? I'm, I'm like, just shell shocked. Like, I'm like, even even just like the way that it sounds, I'm like, like, just to, you know, the craziest thing, I'm like, if you were  You know, doing this the right way, you'd realize that you could have sent it to yourself on WebEx. On your Bay One computer, you could have opened WebEx while signed into your Cisco account and downloaded from there. And they would have never been the wiser. You know, like, if you needed to do that. If you need to send 80 GBs of files, immediately that should set off a red alarm in your head. Hey, someone's going to flag me. Especially a company like Cisco. Like, that's crazy. That is crazy.  I don't know, I'm just blown away. It's like a total lack of professional intelligence here. I don't need professional intelligence, like personal intelligence. I mean, like what to do in an organization. I'm like, if you worked for a mom and pop shop, fine. But if you've ever worked anywhere before, this is a very basic thing. So I'm just, if I sound frustrated, I am. No, no, no. You're doing a great job. You're handling it for the best.  Because Anand trusts you so much, if it was anybody else, it would have been a really bad situation. At least I'm hoping, as you said, if he reads less or try to take outside, that could be great as a part of a project. But yeah, worst case, if they say anything like that, we have to let her go. That's okay. We have people who can work. And yeah, we can make it happen. I think you take the best call, I call it. If it is okay, it has to be just a warning.  then we are good. If not, if you think it's going to be anything else, we are completely, uh, we are with you. Yeah. No, I'll, I'll talk to someone to understand the options. Cause I think, you know, like what I want the best case to be with her is I don't even like even a warning is too light. Um, I would go, you know, final warning and probation period for three months. If they don't like kicker, if they don't want her off the project, I would say I would want for her.  Final warning to be issued. If this ever happens again, then you're gone. And I want her to sign that. And then the other thing would be, you know, three months probation. If we'll look at your account, we'll look at the traffic for three months. If any violations occur, that's an immediate dismissal.  Yeah, I'll get that in writing, though. And I'm going to, for everyone else that's on the project, I'm just going to draft a policy and run it by Sonya and say, you know, I want everyone to sign this so that if anyone violates it again, we can just do what we need to do. Because, I mean, I'm more protecting Beyuan than trying to justify this kind of... Exactly, not on a tour guide. What a day. Exactly, right?  When do you think we may hear from these people, from the IT people?  I'm gonna guess probably within one or two days with the language that he was using. I mean, I used to be good friends with the CyberSec people. Not good, the language he was using. He's gonna say that this is a red alert. He's going to say, you know, this is a giant... I'll send you the transcript so you can see. Okay. But it's gonna be like a red alert violation.  And it's basically going to come down to, like I said, how deeply Anand wants to read into it. If he does or does not, we'll see. But it's really going to matter exactly what he reads into, exactly how IT convinces. If they make it sound like it's about one thing, that's fine.  If it sounds like, like I'm gonna try to justify it in the most damage control sense. So I'm gonna try to say like, you know, ADGB is a file, but they're all log files. And they were shared for the purpose of the project, you know, they absolutely shouldn't have been shared that way. But just so you know, ADGB sounds like a lot and it is, but it's log files that are huge themselves. I still don't know how you get to ADGB though. I have no clue.  Like that's not even ever I have no idea what could even be in that Because like even just think like text files text files are not big even if they're long they don't get to the gigabyte level so I I really don't know unless she sent like a giant history and For for an immediate even right now. She's still messaging me saying you know effectively like hey, they only blocked my github. I'll continue writing code Part of me wants to just say you know pans off the keyboard until  This gets resolved. Like, I don't even know what to do.  Right, right. I know their their IT guy told her like to leave everything as is like not to delete. What's that? Oh, I told her already I'm I told her like to the letter My instructions if they get don't get followed to the letter where we're gonna have a big problem But and I think she really like she I feel bad like I'm not trying to just be a jerk to her But I know she's very upset right now, but at the same time, you know  Yeah, she's not intentional, but she should have at least things straight. Not smart, at least think about it. How can you do that? And this was like multiple things at multiple occasions. This wasn't like an oopsie mistake on a Friday. This was multiple times, multiple violations. Even I was like, you brought Vaishali into it. That's bad too. What do we do if Vaishali's also disallowed because she...  You know, she wasn't the originator, but if she used the files too, who knows? So, anyway. Well, we'll see. But at least I got things clear with Anand. So, I'll call you a guest and see what he means. It's you people's idea, please, once you hear back. But yeah, if there is anything you need from my side, please let me know. Yes. Okay. Alright. Thanks for watching.