Happy Monday.
I am so sorry to do this to you so early in the week.
So many.
So I'll explain that context to this.
So what happened was whenever we all started this up, I had given everyone several sessions of instructions on how to handle engagements, what we are and are not allowed to do.
So all the access control policy, all of this.
So what happened was that Namita had messaged me on Friday and said, hey, I just caught a flag from Cisco, IT, cybersecurity.
Nothing big here.
I'll let you know if I need any support.
And I said, okay, any details that you can share.
She came back and said a couple minutes later, hey, they just got ahold of me.
I just talked to them and it seems like it's a big deal.  cannot call you.
So she calls me and then gives me the full contact.
So I only knew about this on Friday.
So what she had done is there are two parts to it.
She had been working on part of the project that is around WebX scraping.
So it's basically there were four files that were Python files that were shared to her through Cisco that she tried to share with Vashali, who's an incoming person.  which this is where things start to not make sense.
Vaishali, she was sharing the files so that they could both continue to work on the project.
She chose to share them over Microsoft Teams on Bay One site.
So she downloaded Teams to her Cisco laptop and shared them via Teams on her Bay One account to Vaishali's Bay One account.
That was problem number one.
She shouldn't have done that, but that would have been a smaller thing.
What makes that logically not make sense is both of them have WebEx accounts.
So and they have both been told specifically do not do that.
If you're sending any content you are allowed to send from Bay 1 to Cisco.
Under no circumstances are you permitted to send from Cisco to Bay 1.
So that's probably number one.
Problem number two is she also tried to send log files to Vaishali.
These log files she said this is conflicting in her story.
She said that she tried to send just log files over, as is it.
Cisco Cybersecurity clocked her in at 80 GB of files.
I have no rational way to explain 80 GBs of log files, especially considering that they're only from the last five days, so it's not even possible that they're that big.
But they clocked her in at 80 GBs of log files that she was trying to send.
They blocked that.  and caught that before it got transmitted.
So at this point, the only thing that actually was shared across and made its way through were those four Python files, which is good at least.
But whenever she didn't get that, she then attempted to airdrop them to herself so that she could get around that a different way.
That's when, you know, IT came in and said, hey, we're cutting off your account now.
So...
The other part that's really bad here is that she went to IT and basically did what you...
It's like a nightmare court case.
She way overshared to their IT cybersecurity exactly what she did, including sending a presentation that was a Bay 1 presentation back to her Bay 1 laptop and then uploading it to our Bay 1 GitHub.
So now GitHub's implicated into it.
Lastly, so she went through all this and then I just talked to R2 and she was telling the other team members to start doing the same.
So she was telling them to go against my express written instructions to her and to this whole team to not use anything other than WebEx or any Cisco authorized things and to do this.
I know she had best intentions of course.
And what I got around this, so just before we panic here, I did talk to Anand this morning already.
I got him aware of the situation to the extent that he needs to know.
I did my damage control, which was saying, you know, the other part where Cisco CyberSec is probably the most red flag, which is, you know, this is Python files related to WebEx chat scraping.
I said, you know, Anand you know as well as I do, that's an integral part of this project.
That was a specific assignment to us.
That's probably what they're freaking out about.
I'm trying to make him, you know, see it through that lens.
No, I understand that.
I understand that.
That is fine.
The good part is that you've already beaten Anand.
I hope Namita understands the severity of it.
And is Vishali being bordered onto this project?
So that's another positive for us.
So she has completed her NDA.
She has completed most of the documents.
What she does not have in hand yet is her laptop, her Cisco laptop.
And she has not been able yet to log into her Cisco account.
But she does have at least a payment.
Just please, by ignorance that Namita was, and you know, to make sure that project is running smoothly, I requested for onboarding and the person is going through the process.
Namita, out of ignorance, did not know  what to share and when to share.
And I apologize on Amital's behalf, but there was no, for sure, there was no ill intent by any means on this one.
Just say these statements for them to come down and all that stuff.
Yes.
The good thing here is that Anand, I was able to talk to him this morning, so he said even he'll be our representative to their incident response team.
You know, he'll communicate to them.
The bigger thing is just with Namita.
My assumption is have a one-on-one with her, without panicking her.
Yes.
And tell Navita that this is what you did, right?
And what is absolutely wrong?  yes and you can say I can understand you sending your python files I completely understand that but by no means they are talking about 80 gigs of data and then you try to circumvent by air dropping it and when you know in your mind daily this is wrong can you can you give me an explanation on why you did it and hear him out hear him out read the body language and then maybe maybe we can reconvene and see  At times,
these guys, because just sheer lack of experience, they do all those things.
Maybe, maybe Bonnie can just take care of it.
But yeah, hear her out.
Tell her, tell her, tell her what all you know of and yes.
Okay.
What I was going to do, and this is where I didn't do anything because I just wanted to make sure.
So I did, I talked to her this morning, just kind of a fact finding thing.
A lot of it, I mean, I know she,  had good intentions, so I knew she didn't mean to.
She is looking at it more like I was saving time than I was trying to circumvent policy, and I'm like, they're the same thing.
I mean, there's no company on this earth that would ever think it was okay to send ADGBs a file, legitimate or not.
You know, even if I was to send them to Suva, I would hope that Pradeep would call me out on it.
My thing with her is, I know she's H-1B.
Should I document in K-5?
Should I give her like an official written warning in Keika in case this comes up again, just so that we have something there?
I will check with Sonia on this.
I know that she's out, but I will be able to get hold of her and have a quick conversation.
I will tell you what she is for sure.
Good news is, at least right now, it feels like I have this under control with a nun, so the rest of the contract shouldn't be bad.
What he said is he wants to wait to hear back from the incident response team.
If I know him well enough at this point, incident response team, he's going to hear 80% of it is noise.
And I think he's going to, in our favor, fixate on that part where it's about the WebEx chat scraping, which is good.
But I'll talk to Srinivas today as well.
But for her, it's just like a...
I've never had that happen even with the, you know, you know, you know, we are all dealing with human beings.
We, something could happen.
Don't worry about it.
I just, not a good way to start your week.
So I'm sorry.
No, no, no worries.
No worries.
I'm not the first time, not the last time.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
