Sorry about that.
Colin, how are you?
I'm doing good.
How are you?
I think we can do stuff for him, but I don't know if you came in with an open mind, this guy.
Right, agreed.
I didn't want to tell him that I use Walmart Plus online for a long and there are a lot of gaps in it.
Yes, absolutely.
I don't get to complain about Walmart much to him when I talked to him, but what I suggest we do is that we can probably prepare, again, no time pressure here, we can probably prepare some write-up and send to him, and maybe also see if we can find the person senior to him.
Yes, yes.
And I think he seems more like a doer, not somebody whose own strategy.
Right, agree, agree, yeah.
Not our EBI.
Exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So let's quickly dive into the pricing aspect.
Your question was, should we go higher than 500K because if they push us down on pricing, right?
Yes, yes.
That's essentially the only thing that is on my mind right now.
And to be fair, so I added in that 25% risk reserve.
So that means that we could technically dip into that for discount as well.
But right now the max discount we could do and still you know have a margin that we like is about 20% Including that risk reserve.
So so my suggestion is this problem because we only given this number to Venkard, okay?
My suggestion is to write up the assumptions clearly and have a change request possibility to comment if any scope I don't see it.
Okay, okay That way we say we have bounded our scope clearly and we are honoring uprising though it looks a little higher, but request vendor to protect us from procurement meeting us down on pricing.
I see, I see.
Yes, that's great.
That way you put clear bounds on assumptions and add a statement about any changes to scope or timelines or anything, the standard clause, we will have right to raise a change request form.
Okay, yes, yes.
I can do that.
And now I'll send them over just a simple one-pager today with that.
I know they're eager.
They're pushing to meet with us, I think, on Wednesday.
And similarly, I know with money, also, we have to have some sense of pricing.
Did you have a chance to think about the pricing?
So for money, I think you'll really like this.
So I finally got together a sheet that will help with pricing for pretty much all projects like this going forward.
For money, it's actually, I had something in mind, but then after we finished the POC, it ended up being a lot simpler than we had thought.
So for instance, the POC, for one conversion, they have 6,000 conversions they're gonna need to do.
One took me two minutes, with 97% plus accuracy on their production environment.
So that was unexpected, better than we thought, which means that we could either keep kind of pricing the same or reduce it.
The other factor here is that Sephora definitely has more budget.
I just need to connect with Zara today to understand.
She got a chance to talk to Mani and Mambir to understand what kind of their budget looks like so we can price accordingly.
I would suggest, let us also come from an effort standpoint like you did for Cisco.
Yes.
From an effort based pricing, let's come up with that as well.
So that now we can sort of converge on based on the budget, no?
How much we can tell them?
Yes, yes, yes.
And I did include a couple of extra things in my sheet as a template.
So I included hardware costs, travel costs, basically all those contingent items we talked about too.
So we'll have the full picture whenever we do this pricing.
Got it, got it, okay.
And Colin, you didn't pick me about talent and meetings.
Do you want to talk about now?
Yeah, if it's a good time for you.
Yeah, we can talk now.
So I think, assuming these are quite big poll on your bandwidth, right?
Yes, and to be fair, they're not the actual work that I need to do.
That's probably my biggest pain point.
I wouldn't be complaining if they were work, because I can always find a way to make my work faster.
These ones are more like those low-value, just touchpoint meetings.
At this point, we're up to four a week.
Who's calling these meetings calling?
If you forgive me for being candid, it's just exclusively Suva.
Suva put nine meetings on my calendar this week.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, and that goes beyond.
I get the point, yeah.
It's like this.
So, I mean, in your view, these could be just team chats or just a quick sync point, right?
We don't have so many conversations required.
That's right.
And sometimes they're just meetings for the sake of having a meeting.
We use words like momentum, but in reality, I'm already working with the other side of the stakeholder directly.
We already meet on our own.
I think it's more just...
Even from a visibility perspective, we've always been transparent there.
But it's like this for just about any project that Aman was given, for instance, for the trainings.
I think he's wanted to spend more time on meeting to talk about the trainings than just sitting down and doing it, which is my personality.
So I know meetings are needed, but sometimes they're excessive.
I will talk to him, I'll talk to him, I'll call him.
And so I'll talk to Sura Vashwa.
By the way, no, I mean, I did talk to Priya, and we are good with her, the voting change we talked about.
So her mom is quite sick in the hospital.
Last night, she's back on the road.
No one will publish the announcement.
Okay, yes, and I hope all is well with her.
I didn't ping her for that very reason.
I was going to send her an excited message saying, you know, I can't wait, but I didn't want to bother her well.
Her mother's not doing well.
Yeah, her mom was getting better but she's again in the hospital last of yesterday night.
So hopefully she recovers soon and then we can talk more.
Outside of this challenge, is there anything else we need to talk about right now?
I don't think so.
I think I feel good right now for that.
I think the only other pressing item, the supersoni, the Prius person that she wanted to bring in.
From a manager perspective, that would be excellent.
That's probably where my second biggest time sink is.
Actually, her offer is being rolled out as we speak.
She had some questions with Soma.
So I'm just trying to get that cleared out and release the offer so we'll see if she can start spending time even before she joins.
Okay yes that would be great because that's even today my team asked me they said you know hey you you went missing last week for the training and there's no there's no other me and I need to make another me so I can kind of scale out in parallel a little bit more.
Got it okay.
I will explain that and let me see if I have any other ideas in terms of how we can make things move faster.
Thank you so much.
I truly appreciate it.
I feel bad, like I said, ringing the fire alarm, but thank you so much.
No, no, no.
You have all the right to come to me if required.
No problem at all.
Thank you.
All right.
Then call the meeting, guys.
No, no.
I think last one, which is no action needed, but I will share with you the video.
Yeah, the demo, I think you'll really enjoy that and that's a good one that we can spend on for agenda game in general.
Sure, perfect.
Thanks, thanks for the thanks.
Yes, thank you.
Bye bye.
