No, I was trying to see if there's any other time we can do, and then it's like, well, it's at 9 o'clock on Monday, so...
It happens.
It happens.
And I knew today too, if they can join, that's good enough for me.
I know I've been meaning to talk to them all week anyway, and I haven't had enough time to do that plus this, so I'm glad I get to at least sync up with them at the end of the week.
Dude, I feel like I need to buy your wife an Hermes purse or something.
She wouldn't know what to do with it.
You know, I got her something nice and she got like the like something off of Amazon like No name brand thing off Amazon.
So I've learned my lesson to Keep the light with her She just wants her time.
That's something that money can't buy.
I hate saying that out loud.
I know it's true You don't understand how hard it is when I have to like ping you and be like, hey, can you like I feel so We feel really bad.
And it's just like oh  Don't worry, don't worry.
It comes with the territory first, and then second, my thing is, if we get these done, these come less frequently, at least for me.
That's my justification to get more people.
We were on, um...
Pollen?
Yeah.
News flash.
Remind me of notice.
She just texted me and Aya before anyone joins, but yeah.
Me and Aya were just talking about it.
I don't know if you knew, but she just texted.
She texted Aya more information, but yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Wow.
Hi Selva.
Happy Friday.
You're on mute.
Hopefully Selva, you're smiling as always.
No matter when you speak Selva, hi Selva.
Selva, you and Colin have one thing in common.
Rain or shine.
The world could be falling apart, but Colin and Selva will always be smiling.
That is good.
It's great.
It's great.
A lot of reasons to smile.
That's what I tell people.
One of them is, well, we have put together for you.
Yeah, absolutely.
Selves Guin joining?
I think he is.
When I talked to him earlier, he said this my time will work for him.
Let me see.
Okay.
Yeah, method two.
Let's give a few minutes.
Sure.
You guys, everything is good on the access side.
I know that's something we're going to address, right?
Yes, yes.
So I think it's just kind of the final hurdle for us.
But the team's been really responsive.
I think it was just bad timing today on the Friday.
I know with IST, if we would have met on Friday, he would have been real late at night.
Same thing with my team and IST.
That's the hard part about time zones, right?
I know, the good thing is everyone gets a head start on Sundays effectively.
The toughest part is whenever daylight savings time kicks in and that's always the most rough.
I used to have a big team in Malaysia and that was kind of worse in a way because it was like you lose an extra hour most of the time.
But then when PST  Then finally, it's actually the reverse crossover.
So you're actually there for the first part of the day instead of the last.
So it's funny how it works.
Yeah, it is.
And then when you go to places like Paris, or Europe in general, and you just see their work ethics, it's actually, you say like US is the only place that actually doesn't eat lunch.
I had, we actually had a lot of employees.
My last organization made a lot in Italy.
And those guys, I mean, I would get so frustrated.
And I say this as, you know, my heritage-wise, I'm part Italian, so I get to say this.
Those guys could not work.
I mean, they just wouldn't, they wouldn't stay at the office for anything.
You'd message them, and it's like 2 p.m. their time, and they're like, yeah, I'm home for the day.
See you tomorrow." And I'm like, but you got in at 10.
What do you mean?
We do lunches.
We just do working lunches.
Eat at our desk.
Yeah.
I mean, I keep telling people at Cisco, I said, you know, I can talk to people to tell a range.
So in India, I call them to say, you know, there's a concept called Jayavala, which is somebody that actually brings you tea to your desk.
Okay.
You know, imagine that's so nice, right?
He's a big part of our culture.
So you literally have somebody that's going to walk around and serve you tea as and when you want to.
So I thought it'd be good.
I'm sorry.
What's up?
Hi.
Hi.
Okay.
All right.
Wait.
Yes, I do.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry.
I see you.
All right, Colin.
Go ahead and take the lead.
I know.
Yeah, I'll just be I'll be pretty quick.
So I just wanted to connect with both of you I meant to do this earlier in the week,
but I've been busy doing exactly what we're talking about here So we've kind of been doing this solo Kind of to prove it out again the concept but good news is we are right at the tail end of this So we ended up doing a little bit more than we had originally anticipated.
So I've got some good news to share there for things  The access item, the only one that I think you probably saw in the chat, what we're waiting on right now and what we'll talk about on Monday is the virtual machines that have the EPNM and EMS applications running.
So we can do that comparative analysis on our end.
That way we don't frankly embarrass ourselves before we come to you.
If something's definitely missing or if something is not as expected, that'll let us actually test this out properly.
We've got our agent workflow already good to go.
So as soon as the team gives us access to the systems, we'll be in good shape so we can run our comparative test to make sure what we build with the toggle is exactly the same functionality on eP&M.
So that's really all that we're waiting for.
I was able to kind of resolve all the other items, even the initial data that was seeding into the  database.
I've tried to do as much as I can to not bother the team unless we actually really, really needed something.
So even from that, if you're interested, all we did was we took that meeting recording that you shared and basically used the screenshots from that to precede the database.
So we didn't even have to bother the team for that.
But maybe really quick where we're at with things.
We are right now finalizing on the testing.  for the screens.
So conversion is ready, conversion is done.
We are just doing our final tests.
So what we ended up doing by almost by accident, but it ended up working out, is we actually did a comprehensive mapping of the entire EPNM and EMS systems.
So all 14 repositories between the two, we have the full absolute analysis of gaps that we found in the UI components and in the backend.
We know everything in the front end, you know, what the correlation map is between feature A, feature B, or if there is a reverse direction, what that looks like, even down to the data elements there.
So we have pretty much the full roadmap done already for the full scope here, which is pretty cool.
That happened a lot faster than we thought it would.
And that was actually a bigger chunk of the puzzle.
So I maxed out on the  Cisco codec subscription pretty much every day this week, which was a fun thing for me We've really enjoyed all of our work.
We've also kept documented So I haven't been able to share as much with the team because I've been trying to sprint to the finish line here But at least all of it is on the github repositories for this too.
So absolutely everything throughout this entire Entire process for us is there so you can see it and if that's of interest to the team I think some of it will be  I'll share that really quick just so you can take a peek if you're interested.
But pretty much every detail of this is fully mapped out, so even just the comparative analysis just for the two repos together.
Is it both the UI and the backend?
Both, yes.
Okay, good.
Yeah, so I did both, and the reason was is whenever you have the process and it's working well, for me it's fairly hands-off.
That's the beauty of the ezgentic.  workflows.
So we audit it ourselves while it's running, so we can make sure everything's working properly.
But we found between EPNM and EMS, there's 14 total repositories, at least that are coming from that Confluence page and other ones that are mentioned implicitly.
So we're able to get a full map of this.
And if you can see kind of the storyline that we were building so that we can do this in a more automated fashion, it's important to get these ground rules laid out.
So the code bases look really big at first.
We know exactly how much Java we have to do.
We know exactly how much SQL we have, how much XML.
All of that is documented.
So we get the full picture of absolutely everything in these code bases.
Then we spawn off our agents to go and do deep dives into every single bit of each of those repositories.
So that gives us the full end-to-end map of what  the application looks like, both for EPM and for EMS.
So super detailed.
This is one of about, I think probably about 250 files.
Those are not meant necessarily to be read by humans, although they are human readable on GitHub.
Those are mostly for the next phase in the process.
And there's so many because we did the entire thing intend.
So even down to looking at, for instance, the  specific parts of EMS and how that maps back to EPNM, and also, probably most importantly for you, is the gap analysis.
So, for instance, two simple files, actually three simple files, the UI, if there's any gaps, and that goes in both directions.
So, you know, of course for the demo, but also maybe there's new things introduced in EMS that aren't there in EPNM, or maybe they're just behavioral differences, or, you know, one's microservice and one's thick client, so...
There's a lot of things that we can take into consideration here.
All of them are documented.
So I'm not going to scroll this entire doc.
Hopefully you can see my tiny scroll bar on the side here so you can appreciate how long this is.
The length isn't the important part.
The documentation is.
So UI gaps, any feature gaps or backend things, also any data gaps.
So any data sources that aren't there.
And these correlate to the features that we found.
So even if the backend gets ported over, if there's still not a data source that's ready to get plugged in, there's not much for the backend to do.
So we have all of that very thoroughly mapped.
In a lot better place than I thought we'd be for the bigger scope of things.
But even for just the POC's sake, we are more than good.
We have a lot of really nice flows built for you.
So that's very repeatable work from here on out.
So the big hurdle is over for us.
But we were able to do all this, just me.
So that was a lot of fun for me this week.
And I felt good to kind of get to know the code base a little bit more myself.
First of all, it seems like a lot of people have gone in, looking at what's generated.
And I'm sure we wouldn't have done this without the AI part.
Right, Anu?
Yes.
So a couple of things.
Can we review this?
What is getting generated?
I mean, this is generated, but what is running on the system?
Right?
Let's look under the code with somebody in the illness team and see  because we want to be conscious of how much additional memory this is taking, how much additional load is putting on the system and things like that.
We need to look at from that point of view.
Other thing that we have to do also is from the scoping point of view, if it's comprehensive, now that we have this, now we can see something running, then just not slides.
So yesterday, I think sometime back,  talked about DPM also.
It's a key thing, right?
The customers use the performance management quite a bit.
So we will see that is all part of the whatever you have generated or planning to.
It's not in the POC, but...
It's not part of the POC, you're right, but that's in the gap.
Yeah, yeah.
So you want to exclude the gap, whatever will get implemented finally that has got the key areas come out.
Based on this, we are going to go to the product management and say, hey, we got this covered.
You can go promise the customers that they will get this functionality, right?
So I want to ensure that that is taken care of.
Of course.
Of course.
And I think when we do that, too, we can have I didn't want to bring this up for the POC, but I have it ready, even along like some architectural decisions, because there's even some, you know, we could see whatever things were getting ported over to EMS.
There's some debt that it's carried over too.
There's different ways to do the same thing.
For instance, even just looking at the way columns are handled in a table, something that's simple.
We can even fix that along the way.
I didn't want to make that decision on a POC without the team involved, but with the team getting involved with us, that's a really easy way.
We can make that go a lot quicker than not.
So we can definitely accelerate the timeline even further with that in mind.
So for the POC, what's going to happen is we have EMS running on our end right now.
I was able to get that pulled up.
So we can show that.
All the code will be live on your GitHub.
So I put everything, I believe, on the same...
For each repository, there's a branch that is called a Gentec UI conversion.
So it's based on the develop branch for all of these, which is what I think Akilah told us in the chat.
So we can rebase if we want to.
If you wanted to make it live on an instance for a VM or something like that on your side, we could certainly do that.
That way you can play with it yourself.
But for the demo, we can have it pulled up, and maybe the team can tell us exactly what to do.
The only remaining step for us right now that's pending, it's gated by that access to the virtual machines.  is for a live instance of EPNM and EMS.
So that way we can see what we've done matches exactly those two cases.
We have our whole agenda test suite with Playwright that can do that, so that'll be quick whenever we get that access.
So one thing, the POC, you have the classic view and then you have the...  current way to do the UI, right?
So you switch back and forth.
Yes.
And then when you do that, it will still talk to the same backend.
We're not spawning different backends, right?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Identically the same.
Yes.
And as we talked about this, just reconfirming that song.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
And what we did too, is we kept everything exactly as it is in EMS.
So we weren't trying to reinvent the wheel too much in the POC.
We noted anything that were the caveats to it.
I'll give a quick example.
Bookmarks.  something that simple, a different concept in EPNM than it is in EMS.
So what we did there is we said, we'll leave it alone for now, we'll leave it be.
We'll port it exactly as it is in EMS.
And if that is a gap, that's something that is more global scope that would impact pretty much every screen in EMS.
So it's not possible to just do it within the scope of fault management inventory.
But we have all that noted.
That's what was in that big dock that I shared with the team, just so they could get some eyes on what our constraints were with that.
Okay.
And then as we go through the gap, I mean, there are things that we need to build the back into.
So that's probably captured in your gap, I think.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
It's 42.
If you want to know the number, 42 gaps for back-end.
I mean, it's very comprehensive, really anxious and looking forward to the demo.
I had a lot of fun.
That's the always the trick, isn't it?
Thanks for joining in late to upgrade us.
We were back to back and Zara and they have picked us earlier in the day.
We couldn't get to it.
I know you're on the East Coast.
Thanks for taking this later in your evening.
Of course.
And you guys have been amazing partners, so I'm happy to do it.
You guys really have been amazing partners.
And I just have one quick question.
Is it good or is it great?
Not yet.
Not yet.
Just trying to pulse check.
Okay, go ahead.
It's completely in the direction that we were looking.
So that's why you would hear us say, ask like anything that's really surprised us already.
So one question for you is,  Before the demo, could you have this, what's designated coding?
Basically, do your code review and start review with the India team.
And then also, I think you said you need access to the EMS, PMM, PMM, whatever.
Let's, I hope you're going to take a CIPP cap out of this or something, and then you're going to, I know what's the delivery package mechanism?
What's it, what's it, I mean, how is it going to look like in the system?
Yes, so in the system, the way that we have it right now, it's just a simple UI toggle.
So that's really it.
Okay.
So whenever we deploy, that's all that happens.
So whenever you get to the inventory or the fault management screens, there's now just a toggle at the top and you switch back and forth.
That's it.
So for us, it was just a matter of getting that.
So simply just the JavaScript, and then all that happens is that we convert over to the new front end.
So the back end never changes, of course, but it's just a different page that shows on the front end.
So we kept all the Angular there.
So it's just a bunch of packages in parallel.
We actually tried as much as we could not to touch anything on the EMS side.  pretty much like a bolt-on seamless thing for you.
Super, super.
Okay, so let's have the coder be right there.
So what?
Somebody in the...
Yeah, I think the next thing is Monday they are waiting to give provide access to the systems and everything and I think, well, instead by what Wednesday we will have like a demo or something.
I mean, we can do the coder be either part of...
I mean after the demo or if you want to do it before?
It's good before the day, even if you want to push it by the mobile base.
The reason is that way, that way if there's anything the team has, we can go back to the team and also ask questions, right?
So that way they are free to root.
Yeah, of course, of course.
And just so you know, so we can make the demo.
I mean, of course they can see everything.
I actually put them in the commits that we did on the branch.
I put them so specifically they could be audited by the team already.
So that should make life a little bit easier.
And any of the decisions that we had to make along the way, those are also documented with the rational justification.
So that's my human in the loop part, if you will.
Any of those kind of decisions are rationales I put in myself.
So those are not generated, those come from me directly.
So, yeah, we'll make it as seamless as we can.
If that's the case, I just wanted to make sure with both of you, because I knew, you know, we said Monday, and then  you know, the access pending.
I just wanted to make sure that day, I know it's just a day or two, but I wanted to make sure that didn't make a difference.
It was just that the timing with the India team, you know, in availability, that was the only constraint with us.
So I just.
Thanks for taking this time to walk us through this and expect more questions during the demo.
I can handle them.
I can handle them.
Yeah.
Looking forward.
Thank you.  kind of, I'm going to see how it goes and then just touch bases on Tuesday to get some time on.
Yeah, it would have to be something that, I mean, since we have also mentioned now the court review, let me talk to the team on that.
And maybe the demo itself may move to Thursday or so.
And it would have to be like, I mean, time zone friendly for East Coast, PST and India.
So it would have to be our morning, I guess.
Not my choice.
Yes, she'll work out yes, it's a column for your morning time.
I guess would be For him it would be more like noon for us And also give them heads up about the plans of doing the code review And we'll take it from there sounds good  Thank you so much.
Thank you Colin.
Thanks for that day.
Have a good weekend.
Have a good weekend.
Bye guys.
Take care.
