We have two products, one is the legacy one, which is called EPR1, and a modern version of that, the microservices based, is called the element management institute. These are all basically managing the network inventory, network topology, the entire, the customer's life cycle of automation starts with this element management. So for that one, we had developed the product, the later version of product with the new UI, modern UI and everything we thought this is where we wanted to go and we're still moving in the direction. But there are some key customers who still believe that they're used to this legacy UI, which they have used it for 15 years or whatnot, right? They want to keep the same UI for their operations, right? Because otherwise, they have to learn. Network operators have to learn. They don't want to invest and go and do all those things, right? So this is something that many customers are asking for, going back to the, let's call it legacy UI. So the EPNM and EMS are keywords here. EPNM UI is where they want to go. The EMRs UI is product sharing what we will probably pitch to the newer customers. We don't know yet how we are going to manage with respect to who they're going to have. Both the UI are just going to be only one day. That's, we will leave it to product managers to design also. But once everyone I have chatted about this, because this is a business impacting for those customers, we need to move those customers to, the idea is to move all the customers from EPM into EMRs. We need to move those guys here. So we have to build, because we have invested, spent, and then after two years we have built the DUI. While the decision will finally make, we need to still, one decision that's made is the EPN of UI, the older UI needs to exist, that has to be given to the customers, customers need to, will be happy to use that. So the problem, the engineering problem translator is, we have a bunch of that code existing in EPN. We need to have the And it's not just UI, it's also the backend. We need to have all the same user experience we need to provide in the EOS. Basically, one approach is let's take all that running here. It won't run directly because these two are two different architectures. One is microservices based, other is different and we have even done a lot of surgery on the older core, so they won't run as easily. Otherwise, we would have solved it by now. So the challenge for you, that you can choose to accept, is basically can you take that experiment, provide a working code, show us the demo, taking some of the strings on the backend of the EPA, run it in the US. So from a customer point of view, they don't know what is running behind and everything. They have the same experience, same visualization, everything, operations, everything, the way they would do, interact with the US, same as what is there. EPA. We can help prioritize few of the UI and also we will also basically, I mean basically we'll help you prioritize and we'll help you with which which are the ones we want to try to begin with, right. I just use AI because this entire thing is a work that we didn't anticipate so but it's important for let's say product. So how One of the outcome I'm looking for, obviously there are like 70, 80, 100 pages we do not expecting everything to be converted. We get a better idea of what it means to do that. In case of like, for example, we are able to do 10 with this AI. I mean, whatever infra you will develop also, right? We are able to do that in 10 screens, we can do it in let's say 10 days, we can do 17, 17 days, some sort of estimation we can do based on this, right? With this, we can go back to the customer and promise that, okay, we will do, we will deliver this in this time. So this is the high level, sir, I want to add in. Yeah, I think you covered that. So I think we will focus on. and adding to what you own, et cetera. So there are some screens we have already brought in functionality with a new idea. There are still some functionality that's remaining in the old. Maybe, I mean, just to add more value to this exercise, we will focus on the ones that we've not brought in yet and identify a few screens, like Gubhan has said. And it's not a UI alone. There is a, I mean, along with it comes the backend logic only then This is more EMS element management domain, right? So along with that, it needs to have a fully functional thing. So when I, for example, I have some missing reports that I've not brought in from the old thing, right? So we can look at how it looks in the old one and bring, for now, keep the same user experience and bring it to the new. and then make it work end-to-end, right? So that will be the goal for this exercise. The team will help identify what those are and provide you with the overall thing. I think if we can analyze it from your point of view and then see what we can do from video tools too and make this thing, that will be much more for full exercise. Hopefully, I mean. You'll be able to, once we get the context right, you'll be able to move ahead on your own to do this analysis and come back to the right. Yes. Yeah, so at the moment the team is also on critical or a platform, if you think so, the team itself will not be able to miss time here. But of course, they need to give you the context and everything. They will provide you with that. And then if you can take that independently and come back with your analysis and put that up with what you've come up with, that would be good. We'll have periodic checkpoints to help clarify anything more. and also keep the rest of the folks average with the progress, right? Right. Yeah. It's also, I mean, yeah, I'll let you ask any questions you may have. Yes, yes. So actually, let me share my screen real quick. Now, I did this before the meeting, so actually, I think a lot that's on here has already been answered, which is great. This is my original thing. So some of these, if I have them wrong or anything, just know that it was done before. I think from the understanding, we're definitely on the same page. So I think I know a lot more today, which is great. Definitely understand the problem. I think just a few questions on it. So between EPNN, that's the older platform that is not microservice-based. Is that right? No, it is not microservices based. Okay. And then EMS is the more modernized one, the newer one that we're trying to move to other than a couple of customers. Okay. And that would be microservice based. Yeah, it is microservices. Okay. And then, so from this, what is the stack for either of them? Is there like a primary language that they're in or are they using some framework? Yeah, the back-end is in Java, in both. Front-end, the older thing, use Tojo, others like the technologies of those types. There will be some Angular, but you'll not see a lot of Angular. It's all JavaScript and Tojo kind of thing. But in the microservices one, it's all Angular. What about from, and I'm going to kind of go off script here because I think we've got a lot covered. So from the new interface to the old, you said there's still some back-end work remaining. Is it major back-end work that's also pending on it, or is that something that is familiar? It's usually vertical. If something was not brought in the front-end, the corresponding back-end is also not working. So it's more vertical. The functionality, it doesn't exist. It's kind of doesn't exist like all the way down. Okay. And then the old version and the new version, are there running instances of those that are available to see this? So like, for instance, like for us to take, you know, something from the old and put it on the new, do we have things to go off of basically? The running system. So I think, yeah, probably we can have the team provide some point of view. So you need dedicated systems to work with on this one? You're saying all the time or it's only when you're ready to? I would say only when we're ready because what we'd want to do, what we could do as well, there's two sides to it. If you want us to be able to test and guarantee the UI, part of this is also the testing of it to make sure that it is faithfully been converted. We can do the automated UX testing as well, even if it's a precursor to formal UX testing from your team, but that can save you some time too, if that's a desirable thing. Sure. I mean, when we get to that stage, we guess we will provide the system to try this out, yes. OK. And then from the way that it sounds, even on the old system, I was going to ask about the general code health. Because sometimes that's one of the drivers to move to a new framework or just new architecture for the system. But it sounds like actually, if it's a vertical, it probably is already fairly good health, the old code base. I mean, as a product, we are going to retire that. So when you say good health... So good organization of the code. It's not kind of tightly coupled between all the different features. Maybe not between the features, but yes, it's tightly coupled to, like, as a model, it's not microservices. It's all, like, we really need to borrow things and bring it in. So that's kind of the exercise the team did for previous ones. And in some cases, we also went through a new UX design and the user experience. I mean, some areas it turned out to be plus some areas it's not. So rather than first focusing on reworking some of that, there are missing functionalities too. So then it will be probably useful to look at that. And then, so from the screens, are they, especially from the new version, are they doing different things? Like, for instance, with new, maybe students in streaming or real-time integrations, were those types of changes moved to, or did that already exist in the old? Oh, yeah, they didn't get to a question. So, like, from the new things that might have changed when you move to the newer architecture. Was there anything that changed, for instance, it's like more UI focused, like something that's a streaming? Oh, no, it was not just UI focused. There was also reorganization into microservices, and even UI had a new makeover. For the things that we've already done, it needs to blend in with the current products. Those kind of things were done, yes. It's not a different ship as is for the most part. I think the feedback in some cases was, can I get the same experience? So that's where we are looking into this one. OK. And then the last couple questions for me. This is good. It would be from a code access perspective. Because for us to convert and move over to the new, we'll probably need to know a little bit more about the new and what the code looks like. Is that going to be possible for a POC to get access to things? Yeah, we need to provide you with access to things that I can write. Yeah, and that'll be good because... I mean, there is like some cases... This is also a legacy product. You wouldn't have a solid design documentation to that level. So it will be trying to find the way around the code and trying to bring that into the view, right? Most of it. That will be the bulk of the challenge here. OK. Yes, and these questions that I have on here for documentation and things, for the most part, especially with anything legacy, almost always is missing documentation. It's way easier to do it now, so we're kind of modern day cheating. It's much easier now. But the only reason why I ask is just to help inform the context whenever we do it to save us some time. But if it doesn't exist, it's no problem. We still do the same exploration. Because documentation doesn't always tell the truth. OK. This is great. And then from the team perspective, I know they can't invest a lot of time here. That's OK. What I would do maybe is this. I'll put together a proposal to you to make sure, based on all of our discussion today, I've been taking minutes, I can put together the POC proposal for you. We'll have to make sure that the scope is kept reasonable, because we'll do this one at cost to us. So we'll make sure that we're at least proving this out to you. I know this is an important one. And it's something that you're going to want to be able to scope in terms of time to, as you said, to make sure that the customer is going to know it accurately when they can expect it. So we'll make sure to do that. And the POC would, so basically this is also about actually hands-on coding and showing the credit. That way, if we have to also get the additional resources for this, which we will have to work through, this will help. show it, even to make it, show the demo and showing that this is how we have done it, this is what is working, and then it will help you get more confidence. Yes, yes, absolutely. That's the investment I want to make for you, is to show that, because I know this is important, I know I can send you a million case studies saying we can do it, but sometimes the proof is in the pudding, and it's better to really show the capability, so you can have that confidence as well. So that's what we can do. So for the primary exploration for this, it's going to be this really cool thing that we have with Cloud Code. So Cloud Code is what we use as the backbone for just about everything. That is for the early exploration. Whenever it goes a little bit deeper, we actually have this kind of agent swarm set up with land graph. That's much more in depth. That's like bringing the army approach to it versus this one is just bringing one soldier to it. But that's good enough for understanding the patterns in the code, giving us the information we need to properly get a game plan. So we start out Cloud Code, and then it's Cloud Plus, a custom line graph implementation with multi-agents. So they coordinate. There's a really fun architecture to it. I can share that with you. What we do is we kind of model real life teams. It's actually a really effective way to design agent swarms. So in real life, how would we do this? We would have someone who is the master architect of it all, and we would have someone who is the engineer to go and plan out how it should actually be done. And finally, a foreman that goes and can spawn sub-agent workers to go and do specific tasks. But the final person on the agent committee is what's called a judge. The judge basically keeps everyone in line, makes sure that it doesn't go off track. It's abstract, but that's effectively how the agents work. They have access to different tools, so they can go even do things like an automated rejects if they need to go and find patterns in the code. Or if they need to do certain explorations or even just a prototype to see if this would work here. Or if they need to put together documentation. And documentation is actually a big part of the discovery so that we don't have to do the same work twice. So it's kind of like a... almost a blockchain documentation style. So as we continue to explore the code, we will find this knowledge, but we keep what we learned in the past. So it starts out, though, for this. We'll just use Cloud Code. We have some skills set up. That's the primary way we do with Cloud Code. And then once it gets big enough, we'll move it over to Landgraph for a bigger push. So, I think, thanks for that. Although, sir, how do you try to reach the capital for the domain level thing, right? So because, obviously, these projects are in various domains that you've taken up, right? And this one is in element management. And how do we ensure that there's no cap in what we bring over, right? I mean, this may not have the readily available prior. asks for you to go rerun them on the new one? How do you make sure that there's no domain gap or no functionality gap? So this is good. So this is whenever I was telling about the different agents and think of them almost like personalities because that's almost how they function. The judge is the one that takes care of making sure that the actual conditions are met. So rather than just relying on unit tests or any existing test scripts even, those are things that if they're identified as gaps, even if we already have tests written, maybe we need new tests. Maybe there's not some written that should have been written in the past. That's part of the analysis that'll come in to see what we need to cover, especially with shift to new architecture that's definitely going to be there, I know. From a visuals perspective, we can definitely have that already, but that's what we have the automated inspection tools. So it uses Playwright for the most part. Basically doing screen graph things, even as we're doing it. We don't even need to have the application running. We can just have certain screens loaded up with data, make sure that we can check the functionality there. So even in a small way, we're able to do that automated, which is nice. Other perspective with functionality, it's just a matter of going back and looking over and over and over again, both during development and at the end, to see if we missed anything. So there's kind of a constant gap analysis that goes on here. But that's why the agent swarms are great, because there's peer-to-peer communication between them, so if a gap is noticed, either another agent spawns to go and address that gap, or it informs something that's already running, but hey, you need to stop, pivot, and make sure you take care of this before anything else. So they self-manage, but the final line of defense is us. So at the end of it, we still have to, as humans, go and review this, do it ourselves. That's where we can catch things that were missed. Usually what I found with this, if anything's missed, it's categorical. It's not like it's a little small thing that can slip through the cracks. It'll be a whole category of something that would get missed. So that's why we always do the final quality check. So. It was the next step. So you have access calling to everything that with respect to the because this is a Cisco code, so we don't want this code to get out of Cisco. Obviously you probably access to the become everything. OK, I mean that there is a video you have cloud and song and as part of our engineers use it already. OK, God will serve and stuff even coded service point. So I would suggest using some of the. Cisco license to build up anything other than outside of Cisco. I mean, it's not actually a problem. Of course. Of course. What we can do maybe. It will help you set up the licenses. Okay, that was what I was going to ask. That would be great. Right, someone? I'm using the Cisco protocols within Cisco rather than trying to use the same protocol. No, nothing on the laptop. No downloading of the code, those kind of things. Exactly. And also use the Cisco license or approval license for the... and others, rather than using their separate own license. Of course, of course. So maybe what we can do, because this is, so I'm already working on this announced project for the CICD board. I'll have my Cisco laptop probably within a week or two. I think they're just finishing up with that setup. So I'll have Cisco hardware that I'll do all Cisco work on. So that won't ever leave your hardware. And likewise with AI tools, definitely. We'll use those from day one if we can, and that way we can keep that kind of security bubble intact. Happy to do it. Yeah, I think for next steps then it would just be, I'll write this up. I have all minutes from today, so I'll write it up as a POC proposal. That way we can keep the scope there. Then after that, if everything works good, I think the next step is just getting access to things, setting up the initial conversations with the team so that we can understand. We don't need too much of their time, I promise. I think this is straightforward as soon as we can get our eyes on the clip. The sooner that I can do that, the sooner I can come back with an analysis attitude to give you an idea of, you know, how complicated or not complicated it would be, even for the POC timeline. But I'm hoping something we can do in a couple of weeks for you at most. Yeah, I think we were looking at discussing about like, let's do it in four weeks, so then we made some important decisions around this, right? So that is one? Yes. Right, so let's do what we can in the four weeks, right? That's a good spread. The other part is that everything that because you're going to wait for two weeks, you have signed NDE and everything. That's right. I'm trying to figure out what we can do in the next two weeks to get you going. not the estimate, but the plan or whatever you're going to provide if you want to have idea of what this is about, access to the code and stuff like that. So, it's possible to set up a program like this or something, what we can do to give this... Okay, so you have a laptop that's not Cisco, but I can get them to the network, I'm not sure about that. Okay, got it. Okay. Well, we'll see if there is any other way. I mean, once we internally also will identify a few of the things for conversion, then maybe we can start those initial conversations that we strike in terms of providing context and everything. And by then, maybe your hardware arrives and then you can access to things right away. Okay. And what I can do today, myself, to help this is I'll try to get a firm date on the hardware so that way we can plan around it. And I'll also figure out, because the two things that I'm missing, so I've done all onboarding and completed all onboarding except for having the hardware and my Cisco ID. I think those are supposed to get resolved today, but once I have those, that way, even probably for access to the cloud instance. I'm guessing that would be preferable if it's using the Cisco ID. So once I have that, I can let you know immediately. But I'll get a confirmed date on it today so we can plan accordingly. I was going to say, sorry, come on, go ahead. I was just going to say one last thing. My team as well, the team that is working on Anand's CICD project, they've also done the same as me. So they'll have Cisco hardware, just to say that part out loud, in case you hear me say anyone else's name on the team. I'm going to be probably running this primarily, but at the same time, everyone else has the same NDA signage, the same everything. So just have that confidence in the team as well. So you need access to more than you? I don't think I will. I think, especially for the POC, I'll just handle this. But then when we go beyond the POC, I just know I already have an asset of people ready to go. So don't worry about that. We're calling I was just gonna piggyback on that and say, you know, we're gonna get an answer on the hardware today There's a call and in the evening as it yeah, we're gonna get that streamline and get a firm date on it It's more information on the community has saying they're trying to get a date Yes, just enjoy our bond and trying to get that Cisco laptop to call in so I'm gonna try to see if we can you know speed that process up That'd be great. Yes. Yeah, we're excited to do this. This is the fun mark for us because this is work that you can see. That's the way I like to say it. Absolutely. Yeah, we can see it as we say it. Yeah, we can really see some of this. And thank you for the opportunity, Guglan and Selva. Really appreciate it. Thank you. Sure, let's go from here, call the best, and let's call and keep us posted closely on what you want in the space. Yes, sounds great. Sounds great. Like I said, I'll send out my summary right after this meeting, and then we can go from there. I think probably once we have the install on the laptop, then we could set up a call to see the specific resources. I would just need some help to navigate and know who to ask for what. That's all I can answer. All right. Thank you. Thank you, gentlemen. Have a great day. Thank you. Have a great day. Thank you very much.