You'll be happy to know I finally got my Cisco hardware. You got it, okay. I'm not using it right now, I just got it yesterday. Congrats. But finally, I'm fully onboarded. Awesome. May the first code you write is for us. Exactly, exactly. So let me get my... My thing's pulled up. And then I'll join the meeting, and then I can show my screen. Do you know Rahul? Rahul, yes. He keeps me sane through everything. Of course. You always need someone to know. OK, so where do we start? 11.25, I need to bail out. Salva can continue. I don't know if you really need the full hour, but we'll figure it out. We may not need the full hour. Yeah. But I'm going to be here a few more minutes. I mean, after I'll go on this. Go on as a hard stop, Salva. Yeah. OK. Thank you, Salva. Yeah. Let me pull this up. OK. So this is that document that I'd shared. Let's see if it shares open modes. There we go. This was the document I shared. Yeah. Yeah. I think for us today, I just wanted to see first any feedback you had on this, if this sounds good. I'll be honest, we're definitely eager to get started if there is still an interest for us to do that. I have all my things, so I can kind of take off immediately. But you have access right now, isn't it? That's right, that's right. Now, I don't know about specific access to what would be needed for... this project, but at least I have been onboarded, I have Cisco ID, taking all the trainings today itself, so I'll have access to everything that went. Yes, everything. Yeah, he's completely onboarded. Completely, yeah. Because you have to share the code. Yeah, he's done. He's done with it. I wanted to just talk about a couple of things, right? So overall, whatever you've given at this time, right, you've given multiple details and I mean intent is to do a few pages or a few areas like screens you said, right? Yes, two or three representative screens are fully covered, converted. I read this in a GfI. I wanted to, what I wanted to clarify is that is one thing, right? So today we have EMS screens and then we have the EBNM which is the old product. Yes. What we wanted to like maybe this didn't come out as clear and the first meeting is And we are looking at, you know, like how in Outlook and some of the banking applications, when you change your flow or when you come up with a new UX, they give you the option to toggle and say, I want to continue with the old workflow until I'm comfortable. And then I want to switch to the new thing. OK, that's kind of what we are looking at here. So basically, I mean, the areas that we are going to pick are areas that already exist in the new EMS. So it's not like it is not there. It's got a backend. It's got a UI. But obviously, it's been redesigned to adopt a new workflow, a new UX and everything. So how do you make our customers more comfortable to adopt this is by bringing the similar workflow that you have for the same functionality from EPNM, right? And then giving them like a toggle and then saying, hey, do you want to go to the old workflow? So that means what we were trying to do is like that, take that UX and that experience, marry it with the backend that's already there in the system. So in a sense, it's along the lines of what you've said, and we're not looking for missing functionalities, but we are looking for things that are there but gives us the same user. Yeah. So just to add to that, our customers are asking that the operators are very used to a 10-year-old product. They can't just like that one thing, they don't want to learn everything. They're asking us two or three, two releases or something, like a year, like a couple of releases or two or three. So we keep classic and the new. Classic. So the classic, so they will have time to transition to new, rather than like just pulling the banner and just trying to cut over to that. Like, for instance, once this pulls up, it's just lagging out at me in a moment. I'll show if I just want to make sure that I have this. So like, for instance, this is Azure Foundry. This has a toggle to show the old version versus the new version. New version, you can see a completely different UI flow. But old version, let me search back, continue that feedback. You'll see that old version looks much different. Thank you. So it's the same thing. It's essentially forking the UI. So back-end is kind of consistent between the two. It's just the look and feel. Correct. And we don't want to rewrite the back-end services. So that can keep me honest. Because that's a lot of work. If we write all the back-end again, then we have to maintain two different versions. We're not staffed. It's not the right way to do it. One thing is, for example, in the older UI, we might have given him ability to look at things with a different lens. And we sometimes may or may not have that. Let's say that I am... A crude example is I'm showing a certain functionality with a broader lens. I'm showing everything. Whereas the newer thing is like filtering things out and showing it with a certain lens. The converse may be true too. We may be doing the filtering in the older one. Now we are doing like a broader lens. So this means that there may be slight touch up to the back end to do that filtering. That's the kind of thing we expect. I mean, Gohan is absolutely right. We're not trying to reboot the back-end from older, right? That's not something what we want him to do. Okay. So, a typical thing is your banking applications, right? Like, everyone does it, right? Those are all cloud applications. So they say, I'm used to doing this transfer here. I'm used to looking at a summary, and even Outlook. I'm used to doing certain things like layout. So when Outlook rolled out, I remember myself doing this. When I upgraded, I said, OK, I'm not going to use the new UI because I have 10 things to handle. I don't have time to handle your new UI thing right now. But gradually, when I got the time, I switched it and then saw, oh, this looks much nicer. And then over time I said this is my default view. That's what we want to do with the users. We want to give them and then over time we say okay we're going to take away your old view. This is the only view right now. It is by then beautiful. And if you write, if you have two different backup, multiple backup services, it will also increase your footprint. You have to be cautious about it. I think you are right. This is exactly what you showed, the previous example. So this document, that's the running thread you want to be, because in a sense it's bringing in screens and tying it with the backend thread. It doesn't change. But the slight twist to that is, it's an existing thing. And then we'll also show you how it exists in the old product. And then by that you have your UX and everything there from the old product. And then you get to see what is here. and then you bring that screen here and then right now we will do a local toggle right because eventually when everything is done we want to say global toggle saying that you want to do the old one or the new one right now just for demonstrating POC let's say we pick two to three screens we will say hey old way of doing this for example like faults right and then now you're doing new way of doing that and then switch and then say do some actions here, do some actions here and then final test will be to show the same thing comes up everywhere. So, we also prioritized like because there are multiple screens, there are screens that we want to. First start. Like the fault and I think, is it inventory or? It's inventory, yeah. Yeah, so these are very common applications that customer usually go to. Okay. So, we are taking that one and at some point we will work. with the product management to see if this is good enough or we have to do more. I see. All right. OK. That's good. This is actually in a good way. It changes the scope. It reduces it a little bit. Because I was thinking we were going to have to do the whole back end. We may have to eventually, but we'll start with you. To me, I don't think it changes the scope that much. Whatever you have here still applies. For example, I told you this. Sometimes you may need to go touch the back end to do this particular API. Since we are not presenting a certain information in a certain way, I'm not having a corresponding back-end API. So you may need to do that corresponding thing to make it happen. So which is similar to what you have mentioned here. So basically here you're saying I'm bringing in something vertically which does not exist. So we also weighed in all of this, but this is one of the things, at least it's been in our minds, and then it's been top of my mind also, to improve the customer adoption. This is one of the challenges we are having. See, when it comes to renewal, we want the customers to go to this new product and the new thing. We don't want them to stick around with the older one. So either one of them will give us the revenue. We really want to face out the old one and then go on the new one. That's where we're doing all the new things, cool things. We're not planning to sustain the old thing forever. This is going to push them in the right direction, is what we think. This is good. This is good clarification for us. I think maybe the thing is, so if we get a couple of screens, we should be in good shape. And I think what comes after that for us to start planning, because the thing is, if we can get this for you, I think there's a couple of things that I wanted to clarify on this too. But if we can get it for you, this is not something that will take forever to do, even if it's the full scope of everything. So kind of getting an idea of that so we can start planning on our side too, because we'll have to mobilize the troops, figure out what the scope of that engagement will look like. For me, the one thing I wanted to call out here that might not be as clear, I had actually a full separate pager to share with you on this. I didn't want to overload you with information, so I didn't, is on Vscoping, because I know that is very important for this. So to say, here's how much time it took us to do the first part, here's how much time it'll take us to do the full tick of things. This does grow exponentially. So when it starts out, I think we'd said it would just be me working on this for the POC, but it's still fine. That is the slowest it will ever be. So it takes time to, there's that initial inertia just to get everything set up, learn the initial quirks of the system. Everything after that is kind of a multiplier for the speed. We'll still be able to scope that up perfectly, but don't think if I say like it'll take us three weeks to do this, that that's three weeks for three screens, because that's just... kind of that initial front loading of getting everything set up, understanding everything, discoveries wrapped in there too. So I just want to... These have been developed over a period of time, the classic view, right? So, what is your confidence level with respect to this quote-unquote, the same experience for customer, what they want? Yes. Without bugs and maybe we still have to release it with quality and it's going to be product of product. It's not a prototype. Yes. Eventually it will be product, right? I think Velkatt was telling if he can even do it in the current release, which is going out in July. That will be the best. We'll walk through that. But what's your confidence level that we can do this automated AI way without having to burn lots of resources? Very high. Very high. I think one of the goals that I would have for this depends upon how comfortable everyone is. I know there's other initiatives at Cisco to go to what we'd say is like 100% AI generated code. This is a very good one where maybe not at first can we say that because at first we're going to need to pass a manual oversight of this. Once we have a pattern established, this starts to take off. And that's the momentum that comes with these agenda workflows. Once you get those early kinks worked out, I won't be the guy that sits here and tells you it's going to be perfect on day one. It never is. But every iteration of this, it's a very iterative process, gets better. And the more diversity of the screens that we encounter, it's a good way for us to even plan what screens. Because there's the priority order, but there's also the diversity order. Diversity order helps us cover all the edge cases that we might miss with agents. So it can be more intelligent. with this. So in terms of that, I think from a resource perspective, if we said, but there's I think in total 200, 250 screens, or workflow screens that will have you going, something like that. Now, I'll say this is a very parallelizable workflow. So once the foundation is there, once those agents are there, it's really just a matter of having people on our side to continue to run this and be the quality checkers. There are going to be extra steps that we can throw into after the POC is done, which is kind of automated QA QE for it. That doesn't have to replace, but instead to complement the existing QA QE process. So for instance, even if we wanted to set up like a user persona. train an agent to go and know the old interface and then say, you know, try this on the new interface, make sure that everything is matching. We can do that. We can actually get some insights. That would be great too. Yes. we can even have an agent try this out on a classic content and then say this is matching with what was the experience. And we can do that from a number of different echos too. So like even for instance if there's a customer that uses a certain subset of screens or does a workflow, we use Playwright. So that's the motivation if you see, obviously we don't want to implement everything we've done, but we want to somehow expedite the customer option. And, I mean, whatever you're seeing seems like a good proposal. It's music to my ears, but I'll just take that into execution. Yes. Well, very glad to hear that. So I think for us, the first part of this will just be to get access, explore everything. That is a one-time effort, of course. One-time effort, I want to say that. After we had some so I think that's what that I wanted to touch that part right because obviously We don't have a lot of resources to go I mean then we would have invested to do it ourselves so but I understand like the domain and other things we need to give you a good overview and get started on where the code is and what's the problem and What are we I mean, we're not trying to solve everything at once, right? We're going to take like a few things and what are those few things and what is the outcome you want to achieve? So the next step will be, I'll get the domain experts on this. And then we will set up a session with you to go over specific things we want. I gave you a high level view. Me and Guhana have given you what's the high level objective. Now the specifics of which screen are we going to do. What is the outcome here? And then what is the equivalent of that in the old product? How do you get to the code of the old product? How do you get to the code of the new? And then we give you access to both. That will be the, maybe I don't know, like you'll need one session or another couple of sessions to do that. And then... Okay, so then we give you the access, and I'm hoping that from there on, you'll be able to take it forward. Yes. You do have access to Cisco. Yes, I do. And you have a device. Yes, yes. So today, I'm using my Bay One. I just got my laptop yesterday. So I got it set up late last night. I haven't gotten signed into everything. I didn't want to do that before the meeting. Cool. So then there are two things I would be thinking. One is, of course, taking those inventory and other screens. Yes. converting that into auto-generate the classic UI based on that. And it's kind of a repeatable way to do that. Because you can always see where we are getting direction from the top is 10 screens, now there are 10 people. We are being asked to think differently. And I think we have to. So that's why the aging you are calling your expertise needed. how do we repeat this so we can we can probably generate more and more right i mean basically about all the screens a and i like the way how it can be tested also yes verified that it is matching what the expectations with the the the the classic customer view right with no changes to the back end preferably because any service change we have we are in the critical release path which is basically it can cause now we will have a non-usable or a buggy new UI under classic UI. So we will not have any way now to go either way. So any changes to the current server, because the current server is also getting updated. Next three months of coding is going to happen. With that, I think I have to have a host stop at Selva. I hope you can. Maybe you can capture these things, the high level. This is the one that we'll chat with. Yes. I mean, I think we worked with the team the first session, maybe somewhere early next week. I'm expecting that the team will be in India, by the way, Colin. Yes. No problem. My whole team. I've met people right now. Yeah, let's capture these three things. Sincever, I will share with my friend also, so he's in sync with us. Sure, thank you. Yes. Yes, he has to do that. Yeah, maybe the server is clear. The idea was summary that you can take it with record in your one of the next one or something, so he's arriving on this one also, right? Yeah, I don't have anyone coming up soon. We are sure we can do that. I haven't been in your meeting. Can anybody get a email app also? It's OK, right? Sure. Now, let's say so. Can you? Basically, I don't know if he's able to hear it. Yes. So, from... No, I was able to do it. Please go ahead. No, you are able to hear, right? So... That's a lot of noise here, thanks to the fan. Yeah, go ahead. And Rahul, if you have any other questions, right? I mean, I'm here to answer a few moments and then we'll probably look for the next one. Yes. And you are going to be in... So, I can coordinate the meetings for you. So, you also want to be on those meetings, right? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be there on the meetings. Yes. Yes. So then, so it's basically, yeah, I would also see. I mean, maybe for the first few minutes, but the subject matter experts are the ones that matter there. So you don't really need me on those calls, but I'll try to see. At least for the intro and setting up the right context, I'll be there. Expect something. early next week. Okay. Where we will send you information and then get the right people. I also wanted to like reconfirm with Kukan of anyone local from San Jose. I have a few people in mind or at least one, right? That can give you the overall overview and everything, right? So that really, at least for the first week, you have someone to, if you have anything or bounce off something. I will create a space between you, me and Colin on WebEx and then we can decide. Other folks there and then we can decide on our time and then we can schedule. Yeah, so then once you've got the information and you can say hey this is my start of whatever that four week effort or whatever, but after looking at it you can even tell us what's that. Like he said, right, he's looking something how soon we can. On your earlier comment, I didn't quite catch, are you saying that initially it takes more time and then the subsequent ones will be even faster? Yes, yes, by far. So typically what we see, and this is the first, it's almost like this exponential decay cycle truly, even the time-wise, the first time is us, first of all, understanding the problem. So there's that kind of onboarding period for us. We're very good at that. So we won't need much hand holding once we have access to the code base. we go and have exploration happen. Even on this, I said we kind of build our own kind of map of the application. So we understand a lot more without having to ask SMEs. So we try to make that as painless as it can be. The only time we'll ask questions is if things contradict each other or things aren't in alignment or logically speaking. So how will you figure out things like, I mean, I'm able to do a certain functionality in this new UI, and then that functionality is not even, it was there or not even there in the previous one, you'd be able to figure out and analyze between how? Yes, yes, yes. So that's what I call almost like a Venn diagram. And our goal would be a perfect circle overlap, at least for the areas that the customers care about, as you said. But for the start out, we would essentially not know. So we'd have to map that out. We like to do that because it actually makes our life easier. So rather than trying to set up all these calendar meetings with the team and bogging everyone down, now with agents, we just go and explore. And that helps us ask the right questions, so it's a lot more efficient. Sure. That's good. And then for the toggle, as I said, let's not worry too much about the UX. Finally, of course, we'll take the blessing of the UX. There is a separate UX team. We didn't want to. involve them here so this is like we can keep it simple and say we will do local toggle by that what i mean is let's say a font screen for example right that's the one i want to give you want to take in this new product and you want to give an equivalent classic experience we'll just add a toggle to that very same page and say once you toggle it gives me the classic. But when we finally do the product, we may do it somewhere globally in the user setting or somewhere where they say, and then the whole experience is going to be classic. So that we'll worry about later. So now, let's say we're going to pick three screens. We're going to have a local talk of one, each one another to keep it simple. Because you're just illustrating the idea. Now, this might be a question that I will have to ask with Guhan too, but I'll at least should share with you. So for us, I don't think July is out of the question. I do think that, you know, it's the matter of the costing for it too, for, you know, beyond what we do for the, for this MPP. But July demand for the whole thing. That's what I'm saying. So if Now, the trick is here, I can't make... That's where it becomes a budget question more than anything. We'll get the timing. Basically, what I'll find out from this, even beyond the 2-3 screens, I'll find out the general complexity of the other screens, too. So that's what I meant when I said the representative sample. I'll be able to figure out what the effort level was needed, what the customization level was needed on these. and map that out, see what the outliers are, figure out what that time would take to say for sure before I even start talking to you about doing it in July, you know, can we realistically do this? Yeah, yeah. So there can be another outcome of this. So one has to demonstrate it for two, three screens. Second one is to, you put it in your document very clearly, that second one is also to cost out what it takes to do the whole thing. Yes. Now the good thing with that is, like I said, it's very parallelizable, it's a fun word, parallelizable work where we can have a lot of streams going. For instance, for me it's like I would have a person dedicated to just the QAQE agents, you know, and I would have a person doing this subset of screens, doing that batch, moving on to the next. I can get more done with more people in parallel. Yes, that increases the shorter-term cost, but that gets you where you want to be faster. And it gets you there comfortably, so it's not like we're delivering on June 31st or June 30th for a July 1st deadline. It's just a matter of what the appetite for that is. And I won't throw numbers around today, but at the same time, just think about it because that way we can start looking for people early on our side. So if we want to get some India resources to help accelerate this, if we do want to shoot for July, we can get a head start so we don't have a lag period after this initial deliverable is done. OK, so that's good. And if you want to amend this document for that UI thing, you can do that. OK. And I mean, I'll work with the team in India and give you the next two days, and then I'll get back to you with a meeting sometime next week. Perfect. Based on the team's availability. Exciting. Happy to work with you on this. Thanks for sitting here. We'll have fun. I just appreciate the opportunity to do this. Thanks for having the confidence in us to want to do this. I know you all have a lot of pressure right now, so I'm happy we can step in and help you out here. Sure. Sure, thanks Colin, thanks now. Thank you Sanbok. So I'll create the space and we'll take it out from there. Thank you. Awesome, thank you. Have a good day. Thank you. Take care. I just want to make sure I'm off of the meeting. Here I can't help. I do have a message here. Let's see what this says. Can we just respond to him? Yeah, yeah. Just see if you're available. I'm in. Do you want to catch up with them now that we are here? What is your take? We still have 30-25 minutes to us. Let's see if we can. Yeah. Hang on, let me see this. I now have my Cisco hardware in hand and have finished the setup and completion. My next items that I'll take care of for myself and the team that I could use some help with are the onboardings for the various applications and any trainings that we might need to have in order to access the needed items. This is building 22? No, we're in building 20, but we can meet them in building 22. Let me just see. I probably said something, let me see. Ah, he probably said it in the old chat. There was... Did he delete the message? There was a message that Cerny had sent that he said that another team is working on this and you can... Probably... When was that? Do you remember? That was right in this same time frame. Probably he might have deleted it. if you're unable to see it or you can try to see team search for team or some keywords i think i have it in my other notes let's see here open vs code it's talent day


