It's okay, that's our job.
Thank you.
The other one literally has four nice chairs and also a couch in the corner, but it got taken so taken.
Okay.
How are you?
Good.
How are you?
Good.
Busy, good.
Observe yous and stuff there are.
You didn't go to school live?
No, I go to NWC.
Okay.
What is that?
In the first week of March.
Okay.
So there's that and then there is the MPLS conference with segment routing conference and Paris after that.
Okay.
So we did a bit of travel next month.
So take a bit of break.
I was in Sweden and then to India in December of January.
So this month is off to get things done.
My cut is over there.
My cut is everywhere at all given time.
I don't know how he does it.
I'm like, you'll talk to him one day.
He's like, I'm in India.
Then you'll talk to him four days later.
Then he's in Sweden.
He's somewhere.
He's somewhere.
And he's going to Israel.
So after this week, he's in Europe.
Then next week, he's in Israel.
So, yeah.
Is your most interesting place to go?
It's like always been on the playlist.
Have you been?
No.
Plan twice, we couldn't go for a lot of reasons.
Have to go by the end of the year.
The thing is, I have a large team there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
My team and very hardworking.
Yeah, very smart folks.
Smart folks, smart folks.
So, yeah, really want to meet them,
have a good time. lost in like the most five years back not in Israel some of them are here for workshop four years back so I want to really go there so could have tagged along but I didn't want too much of travel and then yeah and like I said be here take care of things while I'm gone yeah that was to our advantage yes absolutely he's from Pennsylvania yes how nice yes Based in Pennsylvania,
I'm going to move here.
So based in Pennsylvania, I work remotely for right now.
Everyone wants me to move here.
So we'll see what ends up happening.
Certainly the weather wants me to be here.
You just came at the right time.
Yes, absolutely.
Yeah.
Mecha did chat with me about one of the things that we could do, and there was some interesting opportunities that we had to accelerate some area. and this is something that we have been trying to do for some time.
I think the usual way of delivering through, putting 10 people to it, that's kind of going away.
So you want to experiment something new and then see this is about all the UI that we have in our previous product.
We rebuilt it.
Different experience for customers, but some customers are major customers are coming back and say no, we want exactly the same ones Because their higher their systems are integrated with it.
Okay, whatever their operators are used to they don't want to change it So we are trying to like almost like 200 sheen pages of UI Obviously the bill is about let's do it in one year.
That's going to be too late Other thing is we also don't want to go in the trout off It's not scalable at this point with the way our objects and stuffs are going.
I think I don't think there's something that that's a wise investment to go.
There is something we have other areas anyway to look at if at all we get some additional.
So we're looking at that area where we can and then there is that's one area we want to do it quicker and there are two or three other something similar but using AI what we can do differently.
The teams are also trying multiple things so we're trying to see consolidate into few things. everyone trying so that is that's that's the area of that's one similarly there are two of them have to work out with the team on what is the priority and something like that so that's why I think my cat was suggesting that people can help yeah absolutely And is that Colin?
Yes, that is me.
That is me.
Tell me about something.
Yes, yes.
So I'm our director of AI.
So my background, I'd spend across a lot of different industries.
But where I just came from was Coherent, which is in Santa Clara right now.
They're headquartered there.
And basically, my role was there that I'm bringing to Bay One.
So I ran our Center of Excellence for AI.
It was a large company, about 40,000 employees globally.
I had myself had a team about 60 while I was there.
So a lot of people, a lot of really cool projects going on.
A lot of different domains that go here, which was exciting.
So part of it was networking.
So we were more on the data-com, telecom side.
Less about where Cisco is, but I at least understand enough to be conversational here.
And my team does just about everything.
So anything ranging from computer vision on the applied AI space, of course, gen AI is the kind of bread and butter right now in a genetic AI especially there.
But even just more traditional machine learning, but I'll call this the boring AI that people aren't really as interested in, but still definitely has its place.
My focus has always been high reliability systems.
So determinism in AI, things that you can actually trust and are transparent, so engineers don't get this great solution built, and then completely reject it, because I'm not sure where any of the information or decisions are coming from.
So we had a couple of things at Cisco.
One that we have right now that we're, I think, about to start this work is on CI-CD side.
And then there was another project that I think is more close to what you were just talking about, which is taking a legacy code base and potentially either modernizing it, in this case,
this was a team that wanted to shift their stack entirely to something new, switch from spring to actually they wanted to go to go, which is a very big shift.
But that's something we have a lot of good experience with.
In addition to that, to consolidate, make things more maintainable over time, make sure that that technical debt isn't carried forward.
If you fix it once, you want it to be done.
You don't want to have to redo the same effort in three years because none of the engineers know what's going on, no one can maintain it.
So, those are the two big ones that we at least got our hands on while we've been talking with Cisco.
So, I'm happy to hear that that's a, not happy to hear it's the same type of thing, but I'm happy to hear that we might be able to do something similar.
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, there are similarities, right?
Because we have been modernizing the Cisco multiple gens, right?
We are moving from gen A to gen E to know.
Next one right and then when we do that, obviously there's always a demand for not rebuilding everything That's one of the comments I was making in the workshop last week.
We can't we have Easily 45-50 million lines of course, which are across like six or eight parts and we can't go and rebuild and they've been it's it's the fact that We can step in the direction with no return of investment for sure, right?
That's not where we want to go and again, it comes down to the evolving means.
As we see more in the next four years, it will also be AI which we are playing.
You know, GTO has been very vocal everywhere.
That's real.
And that's what customers are telling us also.
So we have to use the best of what we have, but to your point modernize it in a way that agents can work with rather than just the humans can, right?
I think that's why when we are making that leap from what customers want from what they are used to, to what we build, to what they're used to.
Maybe we should look at one gently to the next one, rather than just trying to go to what they would like.
We need to probably educate them about what's best for them.
Make them move in that direction.
It's easy, easy workflow is to stick to what they're used to.
But I think it's maybe they have to be disturbed a bit.
They have to be a little bit shaken so that they are ready for pretty dirty.
That's because they are not even moving to 2025, they can't move to 2030, which we are having the conversation.
So we have to make some choices around what are, I mean, if you have the immediate need, and again, we have to look at what does it take to do it.
Let's say if it's six months and we go, we're able to convert all this, then it's not worth that, that kind of, that the dialogue can happen in fact, it's going to take two, three years.
Then by the time you're done, this could be probably already old or kind of redundant, so you need to go.
So we have to start from here and then see where we want to land also.
So there are some, given your title and your experience, I think it's not just about implementing.
What is the right direction?
What is the right way to go about it?
I think those kind of things will also really help.
Strategic.
Strategic.
Right.
And aligned with PLM2 because there's always usual stuff often.
Some big customers when they want We don't think twice.
We just want to go and your customer first company.
You want to go take care of it Maybe try to step back and look at is this right?
Yeah, that's kind of status.
You can at the same time Something practical.
Yes, I don't want to shoot ourselves by overcoming something.
It's absolutely the right approach.
Because for me, it's as much, I actually just kept on telling them, it's as much for me a solution as it is consulting in a way.
Because our job can't just be to do for solutions.
Because if I do that, I'm not really being a good partner to you.
I have to help you think about what comes next.
That's at least my goal.
So even from an AI perspective, there's so many things coming out.
Every week, every day, you read something new.
But we can't feature-proof things.
I think there's a lot of things that are in flux, of course.
But even the stack that you choose, the tools that you choose, the frameworks that you choose, those have huge downstream implications.
Even what you had said about trying to consolidate some of the efforts too, that's a huge one for me, because that was exactly coherent, the same problem that we had.
There were a lot of really amazing siloed teams, and they were all kind of going in a similar direction.
But no one was talking.
And then what ends up happening is you build this massive mountain of technical debt, and you can't do anything about it.
And you end up having these really heated, at times, engineering discussions that are like, this platform versus this one, or this framework versus that.
And it's not the right conversation.
It's a conversation that should have happened a year prior before anyone started their work.
And in the name of ensuring that we don't stay behind, or we don't leave over, the teams don't want to feel like they're left behind.
Also trying multiple things, which goes back to the point of, it's not there in the heated or demand stage, but I can envision given experience, six months down line, we are just in a state where there are going to be more disappointments because they tried something that we chose something else.
Even if the technical reasons don't hold good at that point, we are going to really disappoint some engineers which we don't want to be.
So I would rather tell them now.
So that's why I'm trying to build a catalog of things that are happening and have structured way through Jira and other Give visibility to what is happening because if they don't bring visibility then we can't help it.
So Trying to bring that kind of certain process, but that's a that's on happening We have been trying to get some order to some method to madness, right?
So that's that's a separate one adding that more than which of course is a management leadership thing that we are working on.
But the other part, the technical, those other things, I think that's where I think we can lean on you.
And that's the, that's all.
And then we can go into the details.
There are more technical details and stuff like that, of course.
But there are, as I said, there are two or three in the lab.
The product lies prioritized, which is important.
Because everything at this point seems to be priority, which I've just caught out of the meeting.
We've got to have everything as a priority.
We've got to have 10 priorities and run behind everything, all the 10.
So we have to somewhere to make some tough calls.
We have to make a team with the product management.
We will enforce some decisions to them that they have to prioritize to be proper.
So based on that, we'll know which is more important than that.
And that's when we can have the solid, honest, true discussion about it.
Well, one thing, even early, and even before we do anything formal, one thing we could do, even if you wanted, because sometimes even priority, there's also this chronology to it, too.
Like even for, let's say, for a Gentakai.
If you want to do a Gentakai, there's a certain way that you should build things.
Or even if you're modernizing, you should build it with this in mind so that whenever you get to the end of that project, you can now pick up on it for the next one whenever it comes.
Agente AI specifically.
That one is the toughest because people tend to bolt things on.
It always ends up being, hey, I wrote this plugin for this tool integration.
Great.
That's one more thing that we have to worry about.
And even when you're modernizing the what you choose and how you choose to build it.
Even if the UI is the same, the backend and the things that the customer doesn't see could be different.
And it can allow you to have better capabilities that are going to be more future proof.
Because I completely understand customers never, they know exactly what they want, they never know what they want either.
I mean, your customers, not us.
That's true.
I mean, that's our customers are also, they are also in this revolution where they're also trying to figure out because their investment also matters, right? because they can't only blow the whole network and then come to a point that they are, they did some, this can be long-term impact.
So we are working with them closely.
So we have some MOUs with few of them to ensure that, and they are also talking to each other more than before, so they can leverage the best practices and things.
But the point that the one that here is using AI to deliver something, it is not necessarily, we have an Azure HD platform, we are building a team, and we did it last year and we are into the GA phase of this, we are working through that.
But that's, I think that's more like at this point staffed and we are continuing to review what is needed.
Each can take more and more people always, but we are working through the list of things to do there.
But it is about, it's not an agentic product, it's a traditional network management product, but modernized product. with capabilities that were previously in the previous version is missing, the previous generation is missing, especially on the UI.
So how do we ensure we have that capability?
So using AI, how do we deliver it?
So customers won't see the, maybe it's like AI generated code.
So they won't see AI or anything in the frontend or even in the backend.
So that is one.
Let me work on the other couple of things.
So then we can have a next level discussion in the books. or you want to explore something that is happening around and you want to this one, you are welcome to also.
You don't have to, you know, I can introduce and then you can walk through.
We love that.
He's got, he's here for the next two weeks and we're going to be here pretty much in and out, including today.
If your team has time, I have time.
Sure, I'll figure that out.
I can't be the right people.
So they can explain what is here and then you can bring what you have. done before and then you can see it's more like that one.
To worry to learn more about what is happening around so that you can also so the choices are there then you can pick cultures based on if everything comes down to all that both of them are important priority then you will also have us you can also weigh in and then say which is where you want to.
Yes, I think if it's okay I can share one that we were looking at for the code-based monitoring session.
Is that okay?
Yeah, sure.
Would that be all right?
Sure.
Because That, I think, will be, first of all, strategic.
Because if you can build faster, even if your application isn't, let's say, AI facing or having AI features, if you can build faster, that definitely is a huge boost to everyone.
Let me go ahead and, okay, so I have the document up.
Googling on your team, would Varel be involved in any of these things?
Yeah, one idea is Varel's team, which is the...
So as I said, two.
The one he said was the one that referred to the UI.
Other part, the agency platform is being built by Meryl.
And I checked with her on what she needs something there at this point.
Awesome.
That's the two areas.
OK, perfect.
I just met with Salva the other day, actually.
And Meryl and I were supposed to have a follow-up conversation as well.
She mentioned that I talked about what we're doing with CICD.
She said it's somewhat relevant to us.
So I can go ahead and take the lead and just connect.
Yeah, sure.
Let's find out.
And then it would be a good situation to have both of the lead and the weekend.
Yeah.
It's a good, good problem to have.
Yeah.
Right.
So would you recommend meeting with them separately or try to get them together?
Meryl will be out next week.
Oh, that's right.
She's not there next week.
Okay.
All right.
Hey, okay, awesome.
She's here this week?
She's actually based in New York.
Yes, yes.
So she's available this week.
This week, yes.
I think she's traveling weekend or something, probably.
Okay.
I know she's not here this week.
Awesome, awesome.
Good thing we know.
Yes.
And people's schedules.
Forgive me for my ignorance, because this is my first time showering on these screens.
Is there a plug or am I doing the right thing?
Or in WebEx?
I'm in WebEx and I tried to do connected files.
You should be able to find it.
You are connected to...
I'm on my phone because I don't have the Wi-Fi.
Then you need to be in this Wi-Fi.
I don't know how to call Blizzard.
Yeah, but it won't let you connect.
Okay, maybe...
You can do WebEx and then you can join WebEx.
Okay, okay.
Actually, the meeting that was on there on your calendar for 11...
It's got the link.
OK.
If there's something you want to send to me on TV or something, you can use your setup with the badge then you can connect to it.
Yes, that'd be easy.
Let me just share that.
OK.
I just sent it on Teams.
OK.
It's just a PDF, so to pull up in there.
OK.
I'm the host.
Technology challenge person there is Okay, you have to join Yes, that's right I can give you a backslink there.
Oh, yeah No Yes, let me make sure it actually sent yeah Okay, yeah, you sent that to me.
I have that I'm telling him to start device So I'll go through this, because I think this is going to be exactly what you were talking about.
So this was something we put together for him for a code-based modernization.
So this is something that I myself have a lot of experience with.
So we were doing all kinds of crazy migrations, things that are actually somehow worse than moving from spring to goat.
That's a huge dump already, but even for us it was C sharp to rust.
That was one migration that we had to do.
We've done a lot of these things, especially moving from a thick client over to a web-based interface.
And how do you deal with all of the UI changes?
How do you keep the UI flexible?
Because that ends up being a big pain point, even though it's sometimes the least technically complex and ends up taking the most time.
Because it's very, I think, from a customer standpoint as well as making sure you don't lose any functionality.
So what we do for this, for any of these similar types of projects or patterns, and let me see if I can zoom in a little bit too.
So the first step to these, because you can go the vanilla way to do code-based monetization.
And that's where usually people start, and it sounds really good whenever you start.
It doesn't work at all as soon as you get above a certain size of code base.
What ends up happening is you have developers saying, oh, HGPD can do this for me.
I can copy and paste code.
I can put in a file, get out a file, and it converts.
The problem is that that's not how systems work.
If you look at them as individual files, then what happens is, yes, you've done your job of converting, but now it can't talk to anything else.
There's no meshing between the two.
The other issue is the nuance between languages or even frameworks.
What exists in one might not even have a concept in the other.
For instance, like JavaScript, you have JavaScript versus Rust.
These are two entirely different paradigms.
So you have to know those nuances and capture those before you just start planning converting, because anything can convert.
You can do that to any AI system today.
So this is an MDS code-based modernization?
Yes.
So the approach goes like this.
The first thing that we do is we start out with basically what I do for all AI projects, regardless of domain, regardless of type, which is simplification.
For code bases, especially.
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but this seems definitely interesting.
I want to understand, are you going to add a knowledge graph?
Yes.
And all those things, right?
Yes.
Can we set up?
Do you have some time in the afternoon?
Of course, yes.
Then I can meet with him and then go through this level. 11.30, we're not going to meet in person.
But I don't want to ask you that.
No, totally fine.
I'll look at your calendar.
We have a 2.30.
So we have the rest of the afternoon.
We're good.
Oh, yes.
We have it?
Yeah, you know we're here.
We're here for the rest of the day.
We just have a two to two. 2.30 to 3.
That's it.
But we're free for the rest of the day.
I'll look at your calendar now.
Sure.
You won't be able to find it.
It's very difficult. 2 to 2.30 or 3 to 3.30?
That works. 3 to 3.30?
Or 2 to 2.30.
OK.
So let's do 3 to 3.30.
Yeah.
That'll give us a nice time.
I'll move my link in so that we can avoid it.
Should we send him another pass?
Yeah.
We'll give you your time back because then we mentioned that you've got 11.30 now.
Yeah.
OK.
And then the pay.
I don't want to understand more about this one.
Then I can do a little bit of touch and relations with it.
He's doing the work.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, no, we're excited.
So we'll see you at 3.30 then.
Sure.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Is there just a little detail that we didn't get the project?
Because he's going to have to make sure it's not
