Hey Colin. Yes, hi everyone. So sorry about that. I was looking at the calendar and I was like, wait a second, I don't have a meeting today. But it was on my wrong Cisco account, so apologies for my lateness. But yeah, thanks, thanks everyone for joining me. No. Waiting for me. Yeah, thanks for joining. I think we have here a team. I'll just give a quick context and then jump right into the meeting. that we've been talking about in our prior discussions, Colin, Zara, and Rahul. And his team here, with the exception of Ramesh, who is in the US, pretty much everyone here in Praveen's team, like Adith, Akhil, Janice, Rama, Santil, all of them are in India. So I think now they'll go over. Overall, we have an agreement on what are the areas that we want to focus on for the POC. See, I've given you the overall context of the two products, EPNM and the EMS, which is part of the next generation CNC product. And then we will focus on which are the areas, which are the... functionalities, we want to have the toggle kind of like the classic experience versus the current experience. So that's what they'll go over right now. Right. Anything else you want to add Pradeep? Yeah, thanks a lot for the intro. Hi, everyone. So I think the team will have some questions. But first and foremost, team wants to understand. Is the team here from day one exposed to EPNM? Have you seen the product, have you accessed the functionality, the server, the user guide, or any other recordings of material, how much you are exposed to both the products, EPNM and CNC. The team is trying to know that so that they can get you started along those lines. So if you can help us understand to what extent you know the product, that will also help us. But the team will, more calls are needed, will have a follow up. Today's call is to walk through a few areas that we identified that you can work on over the next few weeks to do a POC to get this similar look and feel and similar functionality in CNC. So all of the folks here in my team are tech leads here who have worked on both the products so they can navigate through the technical aspects of the product. And they can take questions, they can clarify, and they can walk through what the product has needed. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. And a great place to start. So the real answer is not too much. I think we've talked with Silva and Guhan at a high level about the apps. We have not seen them yet. And that was actually one of the things that I wanted to, it was part of my initial request, of course, was to see maybe, you know, EPNM and EMS both in action. We understand the architecture, we understand what the business case is and what the, you know, what we're trying to do in good detail. But the actual usage of the apps, which is, of course, the most important thing to make sure we can have some functional equivalency when we do the transition. that remains. So definitely that'll be helpful. But the one commitment that I can make to you on that is that we'll make that as painless as possible. So, you know, we won't take up too much time. We pick up quickly. I'll be leading this one myself. So I'll make sure that everything we talk about gets captured really to the team. So that way your team doesn't have to spend too much time with us, you know, walking us through baby steps. We'll be quick to pick up on things. But yes, so limited exposure. Thank you. Can I start the recording? I forgot to record. Colin will be the main guy we'll be interfacing with. This meeting is being recorded and summarized. Zara, Neha on the business side, and then Rahul will be working with Colin in this engagement is what I understand. Maybe you guys want to quickly give a quick intro. Absolutely. Colin will be leaving the entire engagement end-to-end. Neha will be working very closely with him and Rahul and I will be on the back end, but Colin and Neha will be putting in contact. Sounds good. Thank you. So with that, probably, I think, Akhil, you want to get started. And Adamesh, if you want to give any introduction about the product, I know we are trying to be as on the fly as possible. Feel free to add on this. understand more on the EPNM side. There is a user guide which is added here and similar in EMS password you want to understand more you can go through the user guide. Then there is a API documentation also added here. So I think our team has added some recordings so we can also go through the EPNM. device onboarding and network devices. So that recording is added here. So similar way, EMS inventory and detailed views, recordings also added. So I will walk into the system and show, but in high level, I think as we know, like, so we want to implement, keep the EPNM UA asset default experience. And basically, EPNM is written in Dojo legacy, you dojo and The legacy basically framework. So the first part is we want to rewrite in Angular the side-in-effect screens and the same look, bring the same look and feel what we have in the PMM by rewriting in Angular. So once they toggle to the EMS and from that default UI, we can toggle back to the EMS UI. So basically introduce a theme toggle and default will be PNM UI default and then you can toggle back to the EMS UI. So these are the scope of the modules which we identified. One is the network devices and device details and interface 360 and then fault management. I will log into the system then We can see that streams. So this is the ETN and UI server. And so if you look at the login to the page and the dashboard is the landing screen. You see the left nav where inventory and network device. This is the screen we are talking about. New entry, network devices. This comes under device management. So let me go to the screen. So you can see there is already a device management network devices also. So this is the network devices is loaded. And if you look at the left side, there is a Right now it is filtered by all devices. You can filter by device type and locations. So here you can add a device. Once you click on add a device, you have to enter the IP address and other details. So there is a step forward here. SNMP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTPS, et cetera. So once you add the details, you can add a device. Also, there is a bulk import. You can download the sample CSV and then also you can add the details and have a bulk import also. Then there is a basic table functionality like edit, delete, and all these are supported. Then we have admin state set to maintain state. Also, we have a set to manage state. schedule the main Indian state, schedule managed state, disable the handler inventory. Then we can also filter by group and sites. And also there is export device, the new box certificate, OEM commands. And now coming to the second part. So now I've talked about network devices. I'll go to the 360 part. So you can click on this info icon, it will open device 360. And this device 360 can be launched from multiple places, so this is one of the places. So where you can see that alarms, modules, interfaces. From interface you can hope, again it will launch one more 360 view. These are basically different tabs to see the location and recent changes etc. And there is also an action here, you can go to device console and we have different different actions available here. So this is about device 360 as I mentioned. it can be launched from different places like alarms here other different windows we can open it and again if you see alarms there is a different pop-up also here and we have now we talk about device details so you can click on this device name type is a hyperlink once you click here the left hand side you will see that chassis view you can Also see the device details. So this is the device detail screen. Yeah. And Srama, if you want to add anything here, please do add. Go ahead, I think that's fine. We have a system summary view, device details, and other left menu's chances in enrollment. Basically, all this is information we collect from an individual network device. After you add a device, you give the credentials. You tell how to collect this information by using SNMP, ECLI. You can show those credentials aspect. So the information is collected, parsed, and there is a data model where the data is abstracted. And then the various applications, when I say applications within the product, you will have an inventory component, there will be a topology component, there will be a fault component, so on and so forth, service level component. All of them will consume that data from the database, Oracle is the database here, and they either use it for the business application, visualization, monitoring, configuration, troubleshooting, so on and so forth. What you see here is the physical aspects of the device and also the configurations such as the routing and other logical configurations on the device. So that's what I think device details view is about. So we chose the area of inventory and fault to see if we can get this functionality. We already have an evolution of this in CNC, which we call as fast-forward network controller. EMS is the terminology you would keep hearing, element management system, where you have the inventory, the fault, the performance monitoring, topology links, software image management, the underlay configurations, so on and so forth. So that functionality is what we provide in EMS and a subset of what we have in EPM. So we are trying to get as much as possible on the EPNM functionality with this POC for the selected areas to start with. We'll probably pause here to just get a feel of this particular area if you have any questions so that it can, before proceeding further, we can kill if you wanted to cover something more further, please do. But we can pause. No, I think we can pause here and we can continue. OK. No, yeah, perfect. Perfect. And this is exactly what we needed. So thank you so much for going through this. So one thing to just confirm, so completely understand how the devices are getting queried. Now, one question. Are those so between APNM and EMS? Is that functionality, in terms of the backend, already moved over? Or is that something that's still pending to query the devices? I'm assuming it's probably very, very close to the same thing, regardless of the system. But just to ask that, is that already migrated, being able to pull the network devices? Okay. So, it's not exactly migrated in a way. Things got reimplemented. Some of it, at least 80% of it, is there in the other product as in the newer product. OK. OK. And then from the standpoint of how this application queries, so I think if I'm understanding properly, there's one case where you can use something like SNMP to just go and talk to those devices, get their state back, and then that is being stored then and persisted in Oracle. Okay, and if that's the case then, so where this application reads from isn't necessarily the device directly, but instead this application reads from Oracle. Is that right? Or is it reading from both or situationally? In most of the cases, it won't directly go to the rest. It reads from the database correct. Okay, okay. By the way, there's no article in the new product. There's Postgres in the new product. We've gotten rid of Oracle dependency. Even easier, then. That's good. That is good on my side. OK. One clarification also on that thing, right? We don't want this old back end to be brought over. You're right, right? The functionalities, like when drama set 80, 90% is there, and then you have product. They have an equivalent back end implemented, and that's how the new UI is. talking to the backup. So when we bring over this classic look, you want that UI to talk to the new backend that exists on the next generation. Right, right. Absolutely. Absolutely. So do the equivalent and render the classic view. And then so for the new interface, because I think that's probably where the next questions that I'd have, and I can wait for those until later. So new interface, definitely new stack. From a UI perspective, this is going to be great, because this is nice and clean. The pop-up windows, the modal dialogues that are coming, those will be fine. And I think that's very clear as to what everything does. And we'll be able to fully map out from one screen, even if there's, let's call them sub-screens within a screen. For instance, whenever that pop-up was showing, that we can definitely do. For the 360, that won't be a problem. So really we'll keep it exactly, visually speaking, and UX speaking identical to this EPNM use case. But Selva, as you said, map everything to the new backend. So that's very clear for me. This is great. I actually feel pretty good about this as we're going. In the instance where potentially the new backend is not there, then, I mean, We need to consider adding equivalent functionality in the new packet rather than just bringing over the whole old thing. That's too bulky to bring here and that's not the approach we're taking. Right. So for us, like even in the PFC, because the same workflow we use for the PFC versus the full scope. there will be a gap analysis. So we'll look for, you know, if there's anything critical that's missing and then those things that maybe, you know, that 10% that's remaining that might not be migrated or might not be compatibly migrated, we'll be able to flag that and then we can talk together about, you know, what the approach could be. Because I can take an approach, of course, autonomously on my end, but I want to make sure that is aligned with what everyone here wants as well. But we'll do that gap analysis so that if anything is missing, that'll be identified very early in the process, so we can choose how we want to proceed with that. Of course, like you said, not moving over the big, bulky, thick client from before, instead to choose the way that we want to represent it in a new application. No problem. Sounds good to you. OK. So yeah, if there is no other questions, we can move on. So there is one more module. We identified a fault management. I'll quickly show the menu here. So from monitor, you can go to the alarms and events. This is fault management. So you can see the alarms here. And it's on the table actions similar to the network devices. And then there is it. So Janice, you want to add anything here? Clear alarms. You can go ahead. Yeah. So, correlated alarms. I think that we showed the 360 view. Yeah, yeah. 360 view, right? Yeah, I think that's working. Yeah, please go with it. Yeah, and just to put some delineation, Colin, whatever we covered earlier is part one of the POC, like the inventory device, like that's target for the POC. This is part two, and this is a different area. Part two. Yes. Makes sense. Yeah. Makes sense. and we can see that here from here there is a different pop-up most recent events and then there is all events eight hours past eight hours then there is a events page a secondary table all the table we have a cook filter and advance filter another yeah and then we have a syslogs and so So this is pretty much about the alarms and the fault management. You can go through the page and understand and see and if you have any questions, I think it can help on. And also there is expandable in the PC every day row has expandable data as information, general information, things like that. Yeah. And there are different columns here in the right hand side also. So this is pretty much about these two, part one and part two. So basically this is EPNM UI is a Dojo based framework. And if you look at the theming is kind of a blue and white kind of thing, right? And if you look at the crossword UI, we have a magnetic design system. So it's a design system called Harbor and magnetic design system you're using. So a crossword UI is pretty much on Angular stack, latest Angular 21 is used here. And so basically what I think you can come up with your own design, but the idea is like the default, once I log into the crossword UI, the default will be showing the VPN theme. basically the left menu and and the other area should be cross the EPI number current field should be shown instead of magnetic. So once I suppose I have a toggle button somewhere in the UI once I toggle it to EMS UI then the current design should be shown. So that's the idea and regarding the switching but I think you can propose your own. can be done here and it's also we use the underlying password common UI right and that pattern should be picked up from the existing port right maybe do you want to talk about that once yeah so basically we have a different repository so EMS is kind of like built on top of shell app so when I say shell app means this header and the top menu and other infrastructure UI components is coming from Infra UI repository. So if you look at this is the repository and all the common components, for example, I'll give you the UI. If you look at this card, right? These cards and the tables and these things are called common components. So this common component is part of this common UI. So this is a shell app and this is a common UI. Now this is the EMS UI, all these EMS related pages like Praveen mentioned about software image management and other things, other pages is part of this report, right? So that is the third one. Mostly I think you have to work on this CMS UI. Okay. That is the improvement when you implement your work on that. So that's pretty much and also we have listed all the Repository, EPNM repository. The ETLum UI, we have a core framework in Doge is returning the PI framework, and also there is a wireless framework, wireless repos. So this contains the prime UI and the framework UI, Doge based. And for inventory screens are part of the assembly repo, and I have listed other repos also, which contains the inventory-related things. And ChassisView is coming from the ChassisView repo, and fold management EPA wireless repo and fold and this is I think Genesys back and right the fold is on the back and it's back and forth and assembly is in the UI side and the EMS assurance is also back inside and you can find out your complete repository list in this link also and when you come to the EMS repository as I mentioned infra UI shell app is part of infra UI common under this repo, and AMS UI, yeah, this is the one. And back-end party, yeah, this is a corresponding, let's propose it to the back-end. So, Jeff, for the new version, I'm guessing that is, what, is that Angular front-end and probably like a Spring Boot as the back-end? Yeah, and mostly a Spring Boot, yes. Okay, okay. So, that's good. And even from the first... It depends, right? So, somewhere... Yeah, based application is being used. There are areas, at least on the device management side, and there are go services running at the back end. Okay, okay. I mean, will it impact anything regarding you? Because as long as the API is returning... the required info, then you are done. You are good with that, right? Of course, of course. And even if we did throw a go in, that's still no problem. No issue. Okay. Okay. So, yeah. That's pretty much what I have today. I think if you have any questions, we can take it. It can answer. Sure. Sure. So I think one more quick question on the you know, just especially moving off of Oracle to Postgres. So on the old EPNM system, there was that view that had, let's say, like pictures, images for the actual network devices. So for those ones, are those actually stored in the application? Are those being sourced from Oracle? And if so, where do those live now for the new application? I didn't get to the complete question, so maybe you are seeing the images and all? Yes, like the asset type things. So I know sometimes in Oracle, those are stored natively within Oracle itself and then pulled into the application at runtime, or maybe they're just built into the application. For the new UI, it is part of the application, not stored in Oracle and all. Okay, that's good, easy enough. And then I think probably the last one for me is honestly all clear here on the two different topics we want on the two different screens. I think those are really good representative here. Probably the next thing that we will need is access to those repositories. So if we can pick someone that can help us get into there so we can do this. We don't need anything other than, of course, read access to explore and do this. And there's also the matter of if there is something that is, you'll know better than I do, because I've only seen what I've seen here. But if there's a case where there might not be a UI element that exists in repository B on the EMS side, what do you want us to do there? Do you want us to keep it kind of off? Or do you want us to add in those UI elements there? So for instance, you have the old UI elements from EPNM in the EPNM repo. Okay. Where do you want the, let's say the old version that's connected to the new backend, where would you like those to live? Yeah, I think, so your point is like when you're rewriting in Angular, so where do you want to keep the code? That's your question? Exactly. Exactly. That anyway, I think, so I mentioned about this particular EMSU, UI is our repository, right? Maybe you can create a folder and for now you can add it out there or you can create a separate repository also. It's up to you all. You can think about it and come up with your plan, then we can review it. Okay, no problem. Yeah, it has to be part of the new EMS build. Yeah, this is the art of this. And then you should be able to toggle and then realize it. as close as possible to this. Organization-wise, yeah, I'd like to work with the team on that. Yes. Makes sense? Makes sense. Yeah. So the code itself, if you provide access and then you'll be able to analyze that, I'm assuming, right, comment? Yes, yes. I'll do a full, essentially, deep dive breakdown of exactly the UIs, how they map. If this is MVC architecture, I'm assuming for the old application, because it was on Dojo, we'll get that mapped out. So we'll know what the old look like, and then we'll do the same to the new application. And I'll focus it. My first pass ticket has started. I'll focus it on these specific screens, and then I'll expand it out. Yes, that's what I was going to say. If you want to just focus it on the specific thing, that will help you. Yes. Now I am not boiling the ocean in, you know, two week POC. Yeah. Okay. I think for access we can all help both you and backhand. So what do we need to do to get his ID added? Akil or anyone here like to the EPNM and you guys can put them in touch with or get the access provided. So when it is basically controlled through my groups so when we can get that activated to that item and few groups we have to enable this access. So once after that, he can seamlessly access all the reports. Yeah. So I think Colin, day one here has the NDA and everything. We'll have to kind of consider them like we do any other vendor engagement here. That's the thing here. Yeah, I think Ramay also had some questions about what AI tools, what AI software will be. used and what kind of compliance we need to be aware of. As such, because I was shifting the new home, right? The internet is not good. I'm not sure I'm getting connectivity. Can you guys hear me? Yeah, we can hear you. Go on. So Colleen, I have a few questions. Basically, the EA tools, agents that you are using today. their Cisco complaint because we will be exposing Cisco's post, right, to the tools. So how is your operating structure? That's what I want to understand. Like these tools are something local, like a cloud or a cursor, something like that, or they're different. If they are roasted on some cloud, you will be exposing this code there. I want to know like how you are operating as such your environment. Yeah, great question. Great question. So let me say one thing first to start this out. So we are currently active. Me and about four other people are active on a different project for Cisco. That's the NXOS CICD pipeline work. We're working with Srinivas Pita and Anansing. So for that work, we already have certain things on Cisco provision for us. So for instance, like a Cisco Cisco authorized and Cisco granted cloud access is the first thing. Every single thing we do for this will be done number one on Cisco hardware and number two with Cisco issued accounts. So for us, what that looks like from an architecture perspective is cloud code we use for development. We'll use the Cisco issued cloud code. number two for the actual deployment. That is land graph and that is local. So that is also living and breathing on for the moment, my Cisco issued laptop. And eventually, land graph, exactly. Yes. Okay. Yes. So we don't, we won't bring in any kind of external third party or cloud based tools aside from the Cisco provided cloud code for this. A cloud code and land graph, that's what I heard. That will be your major tools as such. Correct. That's right. That clarifies. Yes. All from Cisco authorized accounts, as you said, right? Yes. That's a good point that Rama is saying. It's part of your any engagement here. We're not allowed to use Cisco code on anything that's outside of our... I mean, they're approved AI tools that we get access to is the only thing that we use on our code. Which which you are aware of and you mentioned. Thanks for that. Yes. Yes. Yes. And even even things like deep site right now We're also helping out certain of us with with deep site as well So we we have good understanding of what AI compliance looks like at Cisco But we'll make sure that even throughout all development it remains strictly to that I'll be accountable myself to that and even the team they're not allowed to install software without getting approved even the libraries that are used. Those are not able to be touched unless we get those approved first. So I'm kind of the master gatekeeper. Of course for the POC, it's just me. But even if we choose to go with the full-scale engagement, still that same gatekeeping will be there. But yes, absolutely strictly Cisco-issued. And there's no way for my team to override that. Right now for the POC, it'll just be me, which is... I'm self-accountable, of course, but even for the team, no issues there. We'll be very transparent about what we're using and how we're using it. Okay, so present, you will see it will be only you working on the project. Okay. And then, so for the larger scope, so there's some things with the timeline that are probably not the right time for this meeting. But I do have a question there, but for the larger scope we can get some other people in. Also we'll be, you know, as Selva said, effectively Cisco employees for the duration of the engagement, all NDA signed, all, you know, other items taken care of on Cisco side. But for that, a question is, you know, from, you know, doing this is one part, but the other part is actually testing and how you want to do QAQE for this type of work. So, like, let's say we do all this, we have the toggle ready for you, because part of what we can offer is also, you know, something that will save you some time, hopefully, which is a more agentic QAQE service. That, again, we're just building custom for you. It's just part of what we can offer. That does not have to replace, you know, a traditional QAQE step, especially because this will go production. That's just meant to catch problems, really. Save us some time get us moving quicker. I know there's some tight deliverables coming But just wanted to kind of get an idea of that from the team to what does that process look like today? For how you know QA QE are happening before this gets deployed for production. So even for like these new changes What what should we do on our side to make that? Easier on your end. So I was going to ask that question Lauren question, right? Like you said like fully So the functionality, this functionality product has been developed for over more than 10 years. So all features go through our test life cycle of functional testing, scale testing, end-to-end testing, UI testing, API testing, migration testing, across releases, upgrade, scale. And we also have probably customer-specific probe. profiles so on so forth and we have automation in place too for some of the regression so it goes to thousands and thousands of test cases right across different devices and functionality now what's the best way now for us to confirm that what is developed is on par with that area of let's say network inventory, device details, device 360, alarms view, events view, and the specific fault area. So one is obviously the tech leads here, they would try to do a, you would do a demo probably, you would execute some testing, right, and give a code guide, I don't know if you plan to use. coverage tools or something, not just the code coverage, functional coverage too. We want to hear from you too. How did you do in any other area if this was done earlier? The second option could be to see, can any of the regression suites be invoked? I would think on those lines. Yes, absolutely. And I think from my perspective that is better because what we can do even earlier is because the worst thing is when you have testing, if you have a large test suite, is everything looks good. We test even manually and we make sure everything is great. But then you run the test suite and there's a bunch of holes. So we can do that in an automated way even during the conversion. So that's one part. The other part is even from a user experience section. We typically will have some agents that use Playwright to actually do automated UI testing, even beyond just function coverage or code coverage type tests. That is a really nice capability we have as we go forward because that saves us a lot of time. That saves us from saying, you know, AI said, look, all this is done. And then you go and actually try it as a human and you say, what? This doesn't look right at all. So we have a way to use Playwright with agents to even do the automated equivalent of what a human being would do for the testing. So the more awareness we have of the test suites, the better we can automate that and the less work there will be at the end. Especially because I know, I think what, there's a release coming up and what we'll also get out of this POC is kind of the timing and the cadence that we can do this at. Because for us it'll be, you know, new code base, we'll explore that, we'll get an idea. But we'll have a very firm idea of how long this will take, what the overall effort looks like. And if we can also at that same point understand the QA side, then we can think about including that too to further accelerate. So yeah. Thanks for that. As a similar exercise being done on any product for any other thing. Yes, so that is exactly what we're doing with Shinibas right now and that's also every single project internal to Bay one that we do That is my mandate that we do that for every single project. I actually don't have a traditional QA QE team Because this works so well That's it's still we have QA QE experts that are manning the agents and recognizing things But at the same time every single project we do happens this way for testing So I'm trying to elaborate a little bit to convince myself how we will be involved in validating that, right? Would you share us the results after you write the playwright and other automated test cases? Is that how this will go? Or what would you expect from this forum to say that the expected scope is achieved? So from my end, the way that you would see those results is we would give you, of course, something like a dashboard view. So you could see the test, the agents that ran, what they saw, what their conclusion was. That's the same view that we get on our end because basically that gives us a way to have corrective feedback for the agents. I think from this team's side, it's more just knowing kind of what bars we have to hit. If it's just a matter of pointing us to, here's the test suite, here's the expected run-through of it, beyond just simply doing the manual testing, that is probably the most helpful thing. But we can have the agents fully transparent, take it from there. And on your end, you'll have full visibility into everything that we can see too. So you'll see what I say is the good, the bad, and the ugly. Agents don't always work great the first time. But you'll be able to see, so for instance, here's a playwright that goes and clicks around a screen, tries out different options with some more deterministic testing workflow to guarantee equivalency between. You'll be able to see what the results of that were as we go. Maybe not as in detail for the POC, but certainly the full scope you'll get. some good visibility on how that QA is progressing because that can give you kind of an indicator as we make progress through it because there's a lot of screens to do. That'll give you some indicator of, are we testing right? Because if we're not, we can correct that early and make a lot less work for ourselves as we go. Yeah, some of them are screens and UI, which is obvious. And some of the functionalities, data driven, the configurations you have on devices. Operations performed so it's based on the input and that data that is driven right given So that's where I think I'm interested in seeing right before both these areas. It's heavily Device configuration driven different possible configurations that are possible on the devices. So The input test cases and data is what will give the coverage right so you can have It's one single row entry, but it can be different with different values and different regular expression or different syntax for each value in some of the cases. So that's where I was thinking, will you take the existing test cases and integrate along with the how is your, you can call it as regression too, right? On product A, I have 10,000 test cases, let's say. When I go to product B, the same 10,000 test cases should work here. Exactly. Right. Right. And I'll ask Srinivas as well for permission to share across what we're doing for an XOS, because that might give you the clearest view of what specifically we can do with this testing. Even for that, I'll give you at a high level before he gives me permission. I'll say at a high level, what we can do as well is look for coverage gaps as well. So, you know, even existing unit tests, you know, 10 years is a long time for an application. A lot of things accumulate over that period. So we can even look at and say, you know, here is, you know, some suggestions for this as well in case any holes are found, especially moving over to a new stack, new architecture. Maybe the old unit tests are still working, but maybe there's more that could be needed for true full coverage. So I'll share those details. It's not saying to rewrite all the tests, anything like that. Mostly just doing an even deeper gap analysis to make sure that every angle is covered. But once to any of us, give me permission, I'll share that across. Sounds good. Thank you. I think you can also comment and ask further if they have any, but I just took the first step. Go on. Yeah, I was just along those same lines, right? If you can do the midpoint of the existing test and then see the same test passing with the newer classic UI-driven flow. Right, that's the point one, and then if there are gaps in anything in the existing test, we can find out or add anything there that will also be good. And let the team also, I mean. Yeah, so the existing test will not work, right? So at least the UI based, they will not work because the UI is going to change. So are we saying that replica of the existing test case will be created? Yes, yes. For example, if you're doing a device ad and then testing out certain attributes, you would need to do that using the classic UI flow and say that similar functionality has been done. And the POC will include this item as well. Right, right. So for the testing, what we'll have to do for the POC, we won't do the full strut of it. We'll do enough that we can guarantee the existing equivalency. So if there's, let's say, for instance, unit tests that are missing, that will be even internally to us before I come back to you and say, OK, we're done with the POC. That's what I would want to run on my end to make sure that I'm not wasting your time. If I say everything's done, I want that to mean that everything is done and tested. So that part will be there. Now, for the agentic part for the gap analysis, that probably will wait till the full engagement. just because that will take some time and that'll make the POC drag out. I think once the POC is done we can definitely have that included for the full scope but that'll help us if there is some you know tight deliverable coming up. I think whenever we had talked to Venkat he was mentioning something like July which is why my my motivation is to get POC kind of off the out the door prove this to you as quick as I can so that we have a good enough runway to aim for something closer. I think he had mentioned either July or August as a target, which is tight, but we'll make it work. Okay. Cooling for the POC, you're going to work on both UN backend, right? That's right. You are the one person working both UN backend? Yes. Or different? Okay. Yes. So I'll do both for the POC. And then if we choose to go beyond the POC, if everyone's satisfied and, you know, all parties are happy. then it'll be me plus probably three other people. Okay. Yeah, and I think I think I'll clear that out with Venkatin and Guhan. Because I think, you know, if we wanted to accelerate further, we can do it. The nice thing with these agentic flows is that they are very highly able to be paralyzed. So... More people, in this unique case, does result in more work output. Usually, I kind of roll my eyes if people say, you know, add more people to a project. But in this case, it genuinely is, we can do more work in a shorter time with more parallel resources. So we'll scale that based upon what the delivery schedule looks like. That sounds good. Sounds good. So, we are taking close under five, six minutes. Do you have code pointers, compiles where or you will send it offline? Yeah, I'll share it in this email. This details what I shared. Okay. In this meeting invite, I'll reply to it. Okay. That's what you're asking, right? And then you'll also add them to those groups so that you get the access. Are you going to have a team space? There is a team space that was started. All the folks there, or you want to create a new team space, how would you prefer? Whatever works, we can add all the people there. That could be easier. I will let Adit or Praveen create one and then just adding, besides calling, let us know who else needs to be added there. Then we can add it. Sure, Neha. Yeah, sure, Sarva, I'll work with them. Yeah, absolutely. We'll just add the entire B1 account management team, Sarva, if that's okay. And then the folks from your team. Yeah, we could go ahead and create that space. Okay, so maybe I mean from you know, they're not it go ahead. I can create a this usually do with check along these calls to start with yes Yes, this call should be that With like 12 of us That's correct. I did I able to definitely yeah, thank you And that you have the required VM and any hardware, VMs? So on my side, I don't have any VMs signed right now. I think for the other project, there's one that's coming from someone named Devakar that's a little bit different. I think that one's specific to NXOS. So if that is something that we should have in order to test this and deploy, that is something we would need. I think we have access to a virtual machine that is for a different project. I think they're technically supposed to be separate, so I think we will need one of those, some access to a VM to run this on. That would be great if we could have some help getting that set as well. I mean you don't have a server as well. I mean basically we have to look in and then we should get to a setup right for you to get onboarded and then get to, is that what I'm saying? That's right. No, two things, right? One is for the code development, whatever. No, that's fine. That is fine. That I can take care of. That's not an issue, but I mean for the user. No, actually we don't use the server directly like the code, right? the repository be under in the code in our history case and other yeah that's good yeah so so it's only for yeah only only for I mean only to patch the artifact binaries and then you know verify swabbing because the definitely you might need a set up for the DPNM and one set up for CNC probably we could start with the development set up mostly on the EMS and for the EPNM is mostly for reading. That is correct. You can read only access to an EPNM system. Then at the moment read only access to a CNC and then when he's ready with the new code and everything, we need to help him patch it. That is correct. They can do that. And I think as in the US, probably it's easy for him to, you know, get a set up from this. I know they can see. I can walk through them and I can just call them and connect with them. Yeah. Sure. Sorry, actually I was unable to unmute myself. We addressed most of the key points here. Is there anything else, Colin, from your side? No. On my side, I think the two cases here are clear. The code is clear. I think you have something. I have to give you a compliment. Usually, whenever we get into these specific projects, even that confluence page where it was showing, here are the specific links to everything. Here's where this information is. Usually we have to go digging for that. So actually my life is a lot easier because this is really organized So I feel I feel good on my end right now. If a call is needed at any time, I think we will use the team space to communicate. Okay, sounds good. Thank you. Colin, you are in the East Coast, one final note. You were in the East Coast? I just want to give everyone the sense of time zones. Yes. As I said, this team here except me and Ramesh, everyone is in the India time zone. Colin, you are in? Yes, I'm in EST, Eastern time. Yes. And then the rest of the B1 team is here and PSC is from Zara. That's correct. One thing I wanted to add, you guys, this was a really, really healthy, wonderful discussion. I want to thank each and every one of you for your time. The intent of adding Neha and I and our role to the call is Colin will make sure he gets back to you. Sometimes he gets a little backlog and he just needs a little tiny internal nudge. So we'll make sure that any questions you guys have, Neha and me will make sure that, you know, you get a response back. Thank you. Yeah, thank you, Selva. If you need anything from us, please let us know and we look forward to next steps. Have a great night, everyone. Have a good day, Selva. Sure, sure. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye-bye.